{"text": "We believe this is a great opportunity to contact people you have not heard from lately and surprise them with your text messages. Now is your time to say all that you want by sending free SMS to your friends and relatives in Europe. Check out the countries available in our list and have fun by sending free SMS to your loved ones for Free! Send Free SMS to Aland Islands Aland Islands Send Free Text Message to Aland Islands Send Free SMS to Albania Albania Send Free Text Message to Albania Send Free SMS to Andorra Andorra Send Free Text Message to Andorra Send Free SMS to Austria Austria Send Free Text Message to Austria Send Free SMS to Belarus Belarus Send Free Text Message to Belarus Send Free SMS to Belgium Belgium Send Free Text Message to Belgium Send Free SMS to Bosnia and Herzegovina Bosnia and Herzegovina Send Free Text Message to Bosnia and Herzegovina Send Free SMS to British Indian Ocean Territory British Indian Ocean Territory Send Free Text Message to British Indian Ocean Territory Send Free SMS to Bulgaria Bulgaria Send Free Text Message to Bulgaria Send Free SMS to Croatia Croatia Send Free Text Message to Croatia Send Free SMS to Cyprus Cyprus Send Free Text Message to Cyprus Send Free SMS to Czech Republic Czech Republic Send Free Text Message to Czech Republic Send Free SMS to Denmark Denmark Send Free Text Message to Denmark Send Free SMS to Estonia Estonia Send Free Text Message to Estonia Send Free SMS to Faroe Islands Faroe Islands Send Free Text Message to Faroe Islands Send Free SMS to Finland Finland Send Free Text Message to Finland Send Free SMS to France France Send Free Text Message to France Send Free SMS to Germany Germany Send Free Text Message to Germany Send Free SMS to Gibraltar Gibraltar Send Free Text Message to Gibraltar Send Free SMS to Greece Greece Send Free Text Message to Greece Send Free SMS to Guernsey Guernsey Send Free Text Message to Guernsey Send Free SMS to Hungary Hungary Send Free Text Message to Hungary Send Free SMS to Iceland Iceland Send Free Text Message to Iceland Send Free SMS to Ireland Ireland Send Free Text Message to Ireland Send Free SMS to Isle of Man Isle of Man Send Free Text Message to Isle of Man Send Free SMS to Italy Italy Send Free Text Message to Italy Send Free SMS to Jersey Jersey Send Free Text Message to Jersey Send Free SMS to Latvia Latvia Send Free Text Message to Latvia Send Free SMS to Liechtenstein Liechtenstein Send Free Text Message to Liechtenstein Send Free SMS to Lithuania Lithuania Send Free Text Message to Lithuania Send Free SMS to Luxembourg Luxembourg Send Free Text Message to Luxembourg Send Free SMS to Macedonia Macedonia Send Free Text Message to Macedonia Send Free SMS to Malta Malta Send Free Text Message to Malta Send Free SMS to Moldova Moldova Send Free Text Message to Moldova Send Free SMS to Monaco Monaco Send Free Text Message to Monaco Send Free SMS to Montenegro Montenegro Send Free Text Message to Montenegro Send Free SMS to Netherlands Netherlands Send Free Text Message to Netherlands Send Free SMS to Norway Norway Send Free Text Message to Norway Send Free SMS to Poland Poland Send Free Text Message to Poland Send Free SMS to Portugal Portugal Send Free Text Message to Portugal Send Free SMS to Reunion Island Reunion Island Send Free Text Message to Reunion Island Send Free SMS to Romania Romania Send Free Text Message to Romania Send Free SMS to San Marino San Marino Send Free Text Message to San Marino Send Free SMS to Serbia Serbia Send Free Text Message to Serbia Send Free SMS to Slovakia Slovakia Send Free Text Message to Slovakia Send Free SMS to Slovenia Slovenia Send Free Text Message to Slovenia Send Free SMS to Spain Spain Send Free Text Message to Spain Send Free SMS to Sweden Sweden Send Free Text Message to Sweden Send Free SMS to Switzerland Switzerland Send Free Text Message to Switzerland Send Free SMS to Ukraine Ukraine Send Free Text Message to Ukraine Send Free SMS to United Kingdom United Kingdom Send Free Text Message to United Kingdom", "label": 0, "id": 597}
{"text": "Fox News panel with Katie Pavlich and Adrienne Elrod (Photo: Screen capture) A Fox News host and panelist alleged that it was Hillary Clinton that colluded with Russia and thus should be taken to jail \u2014 not President Donald Trump. While Russian bots sowed division among Democratic voters, attacked people of color, attacked Hillary Clinton, worked to suppress voters of color then spread fake voter fraud claims, Fox News thinks this was a campaign in favor of Clinton\u2019s 2016 bid. \u201cWell, if it\u2019s really a big threat and we want to stop them from meddling in our elections, why is it that during a three-year time span the Obama administration really didn\u2019t do much to stop this from happening,\u201d asked Town Hall editor Katie Pavlich. She referred to the 2012 election debate in which Mitt Romney cautioned that Russia was the greatest American foe over radical ISIS or Taliban extremists. However, 2016 was the first election Russia is known to have infiltrated. Pavlich and the host then turned to wonder why 300 elected officials didn\u2019t show up for the classified briefing held at the FBI involving the \u201cGang of 8.\u201d The 300 members likely didn\u2019t have a high enough clearance level to view the classified documents. The \u201cGang of 8\u201d all have the proper security clearance level to have viewed the documents. The Fox host asked former Clinton staffer Adrienne Elrod if the entire Russia scandal could have been avoided if former President Barack Obama had stopped Russia before they even started. Elrod explained that there was a lot of work going on behind the scenes. Given the security level, it\u2019s likely much of the information available at the time could not be made public. She noted she wished Obama had acted prior to the election but asked what Trump is doing today to stop Russia from acting in the 2018 election. The Fox host along with Pavlich went on to claim that Clinton was colluding with Russia because her campaign partially paid the law firm that bought the opposition research dossier from Christopher Steele. Another portion of the dossier was paid for by Republicans hoping to discredit Trump prior to the general election. For that reason, Fox News believes Clinton colluded with Russia more than Trump did. Fox News hosts have also alleged that Clinton is behind the meeting with the Russian lawyer at Trump Tower. Watch the full conversation below: 00:00", "label": 0, "id": 101}
{"text": "The NFL Players Association is making an attempt to open up the lines of communication between the camps of Richie Incognito and Jonathan Martin. NFL Media's Albert Breer reported that the NFLPA contacted the agents of Incognito and Martin on Wednesday morning to request a meeting, according to a source apprised of the plan. The proposal calls for the meeting to occur in Florida with union chief DeMaurice Smith present. Incognito was suspended indefinitely by the Miami Dolphins after the team was presented with evidence that Incognito sent abusive and racially insensitive messages to Martin via text message and voice mail. The suspension was handed down six days after Martin abruptly left the team after an incident at the Dolphins' dining facility. NFL Media's Jeff Darlington reported last week that Martin sought treatment at a South Florida hospital immediately after leaving the team. He left the hospital a short time later and now is at home in California with his parents. A local news affiliate tracked down Incognito on Tuesday as he left a doctor's appointment in Fort Lauderdale. \"You know what, I'm just trying to weather the storm right now,\" Incognito told WSVN-TV. \"This will pass.\"", "label": 0, "id": 324}
{"text": "I reserve you reserve he reserves we reserve you reserve they reserve I am reserving you are reserving he is reserving we are reserving you are reserving they are reserving I reserved you reserved he reserved we reserved you reserved they reserved I was reserving you were reserving he was reserving we were reserving you were reserving they were reserving I have reserved you have reserved he has reserved we have reserved you have reserved they have reserved I have been reserving you have been reserving he has been reserving we have been reserving you have been reserving they have been reserving I had reserved you had reserved he had reserved we had reserved you had reserved they had reserved I had been reserving you had been reserving he had been reserving we had been reserving you had been reserving they had been reserving I will reserve you will reserve he will reserve we will reserve you will reserve they will reserve I will be reserving you will be reserving he will be reserving we will be reserving you will be reserving they will be reserving I will have reserved you will have reserved he will have reserved we will have reserved you will have reserved they will have reserved I will have been reserving you will have been reserving he will have been reserving we will have been reserving you will have been reserving they will have been reserving I would reserve you would reserve he would reserve we would reserve you would reserve they would reserve I would be reserving you would be reserving he would be reserving we would be reserving you would be reserving they would be reserving I would have reserved you would have reserved he would have reserved we would have reserved you would have reserved they would have reserved I would have been reserving you would have been reserving he would have been reserving we would have been reserving you would have been reserving they would have been reserving reserve Let's reserve reserve Verbe au hasard accrue - adopt - afford - bare - cant - capture - compare - confirm - create - delete - doom - draft - endeavor - exhaust - gift - giggle - hang - insure - knit - learn - let - like - love - manage - menace - miss - monger - omit - open - orient - prevent - rent - restore - save - see - ski - spill - spot - to be - to do - to go - to have - tough - web", "label": 0, "id": 95}
{"text": "The tropical storm that hit the southern Philippines on Friday and Saturday has left at least 200 people dead and many homeless. The island of Mindanao was the worst hit. The local administration there has been criticised for not doing enough to help. A survivor from Tubod town, where an entire neighbourhood was destroyed, told Al Jazeera that they have \u2018never experienced a flood like it'. Al Jazeera\u2019s Rob McBride reports from Tubod Town, Southern Philippines.", "label": 0, "id": 577}
{"text": "CHAPPAQUA, N.Y. -- Hillary Clinton will be telling her side of the story. Clinton, a Chappaqua resident, is set to write \"What Happened,\" her recounting of her loss to Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election. The book will be published on Sept. 12 by Simon and Schuster. \u201cIn the past, for reasons I try to explain, I\u2019ve often felt I had to be careful in public, like I was up on a wire without a net. Now I\u2019m letting my guard down,\" Clinton, who previously served as Senator and Secretary of State, said. The book will discuss what it was like to face Trump, Russian interference and the experience Clinton had of being the first woman nominated for president by a major party. Simon and Schuster is calling it \"her most personal memoir yet.\" Clinton had previously written the memoirs \"Living History,\" and \"Hard Choices.\" In November, Clinton is set to speak at the Business Council of Westchester's annual dinne r, where she will receive the Westchester Global Leadership Laureate Award Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.", "label": 0, "id": 31}
{"text": "While officially the White House is condemning the ISIS suicide attacks in Tehran today, in keeping with their policy of being against ISIS, President Trump\u2019s own statement on the matter appeared less than wholly sympathetic, attributing the attacks to Iran \u201c falling victim to the evil they promote.\u201d President Trump has made clear since the campaign that he does not like Iran, and spent much of his recent trip to the Middle East pushing hostility toward Iran, as well as portraying Iran as being to blame for most of the terrorism in the region. That ISIS is the world\u2019s biggest terrorist organization, and that Iran has been heavily supporting both Iraq and Syria in fighting ISIS, doesn\u2019t fit into Trump\u2019s narrative, and the fact that ISIS just launched terrorist attacks in Tehran is particularly unwelcome to the US agenda of trying to spin everything wrong in the Middle East as being Iran\u2019s fault. President Trump\u2019s answer to this, then, is to remind everyone that Iran is a \u201cstate sponsor of terrorism,\u201d an official designation by the US government which means effectively nothing, and only currently applies to three countries that the US doesn\u2019t like, none of whom has anything to do with ISIS, al-Qaeda, or other major international terrorist groups. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz", "label": 0, "id": 116}
{"text": "Will this outrage stand? Today\u2019s breaking story of the DOJ surveilling the communications of POTUS Trump\u2019s longtime personal attorney is just now filtering through news watchers across the country. Remember, the Cohen surveillance was referred to by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, (and signed off by the DOJ\u2019s #2 Rod Rosenstein who was the one who originally pushed for President Trump to fire then FBI Director James Comey) meaning it was effectively Mueller\u2019s operation. And what THAT means is Robert Mueller was wiretapping the Trump White House. THIS HAS NEVER BEEN ALLOWED BEFORE. Early reports indicate at least one direct phone call between President Trump and Cohen was . In a normal world, as soon as the President of the United States was on the line, the DOJ would have initiated an all stop on surveillance. That has been long-standing (albeit unofficial) protocol for decades. That didn\u2019t happen which would indicate capturing the President\u2019s communications to Cohen was the primary purpose of the Mueller-originating surveillance all along. Consider this that the Department of Justice is charged with upholding the powers of the Constitution but in this case (and likely many-many others) it has shredded those same Constitutional protections in order to bring down a duly-elected President of the United States. When will enough Americans finally stand up and say ENOUGH? This is no longer merely about President Trump. It isn\u2019t about Democrat or Republican, liberal or conservative. This is about America, our personal liberties, and the now-fractured foundation that was the Constitution. For if the government can go after a sitting president via such means it can come after any of us at any time. Hear that knock at your door? It\u2019s for you.", "label": 1, "id": 176}
{"text": "A big pro-Trump rally called \u201cThe Mother of All Rallies\u201d (or MOAR for short) is taking place today in Washington, D.C. These are photos from the event, to give you an idea of what is happening today. The MOAR rally began its opening ceremonies at the north end of the Mall, near the Washington monument, at 11 a.m. Eastern, according to their website. \u201cKeynote speakers will include author Hamody Jasim, Marco Gutierrez founder of Latinos for Trump, and congressional candidate for California Omar Navarro. The band Madison Rising is the featured performer. Panel discussions on a number of hot topics are also planned and much will be happening throughout the day and evening.\u201d Peter Boykin, president of Gays for Trump and a speaker at the rally, told the Washington Post that some topics discussed at the event will be more controversial, including transgender men and women in the military, Sharia law, and the dreamers immigration program. According to the event\u2019s website, the rally is focused on freedom, putting America first, and uniting everyone under the American flag: \u2026No confederate flags, communist flags, or foreign flags allowed. This is not a Democrat or Republican rally. It\u2019s not a left or right rally. We condemn racists of all colors and supremacy of all colors. Our patriots are of all colors and we are uniting under our constitutional rights. We are Americans and our color shouldn\u2019t matter.\u201d The event\u2019s Facebook page mentions that the event is \u201cin support of American values, American culture, American traditions, and of course President Donald Trump.\u201d About 2,0 people RSVP\u2019d for the event on Facebook, and an additional 6,200 indicated that they were interested in the event. The organizers originally wanted one million people at the event. But both Jason Webber, an organizer of the Juggalo rally, and Peter Boykin, a speaker at the MOAR rally, told The Washington Post that their events don\u2019t plan to interact with each other and they don\u2019t expect any brawls. Supporters have also been posting on Twitter and other social media sites about the event. Some counter protesters showed up too: The website for the event took pains to set itself up as different from the Charlottesville rally, saying that they wanted American flags and Confederate flags would not be allowed. The event was also heavily pro-Trump.", "label": 0, "id": 145}
{"text": "Susan Montgomery / Shutterstock.com In many ways, money orders are safer than personal checks and cash. There\u2019s no risk of a bounced check and associated fees when paying with a money order because the money order is prepaid in cash. Using a money order reduces the risk of theft because the buyer must specify the recipient. In order to cash a money order, the recipient must appear in person and show identification. And, while cash can be lost, money orders come with a tracking number, so money orders can be replaced. Since Rite Aid has many locations, and its stores are often open 24/7, you can save yourself a trip to the bank and just buy a money order next time you pick something up at Rite Aid. In this article, we\u2019ll tell you everything you need to know about buying a money order at Rite Aid. And, if Rite Aid isn\u2019t the right store for you, stick around to the end of this article for a list of similar stores that also sell money orders. In This Article What Are the Fees, Limits, and Accepted Payment Types? How Do I Purchase a Money Order at Rite Aid? Can I Cash a Money Order at Rite Aid? Other Rite Aid Services Similar Stores That Sell and Cash Money Orders Purchasing a Money Order at Rite Aid Does Rite Aid have MoneyGram? Does Rite Aid have Western Union? Rite Aid sells money orders through Western Union. Money orders are available during store hours so that means Rite Aid Western Union hours are the same as store hours. You can find the nearest store and their hours using the Rite Aid store locator. 4,242 of Rite Aid\u2019s 4,586 locations sell money orders, so make sure your location sells money orders by using the Western Union\u2019s agent locator. Select \u201csearch by agent\u201d, and filter your search for Rite Aid and money orders. What Are the Fees, Limits, and Accepted Payment Types? According to Rite Aid customer service, you can purchase a single money order for up to $500 and multiple money orders up to $2,9. So, for example, if you need to pay $1,0, you can go to Rite Aid and purchase two $500 money orders to meet your needs. Rite Aid only accepts cash payment for money orders; you cannot pay with a debit card or credit card. There is a fee of $0.99 per money order. How Do I Purchase a Money Order at Rite Aid? While on the call with Rite Aid, we also confirmed that money orders are available for purchase during regular store hours. Simply ask to buy a money order at a register; all of the registers can generate money orders. Remember, you can only buy a money order with cash. Can I Cash a Money Order at Rite Aid? Rite Aid doesn\u2019t cash money orders, even money orders sold at Rite Aid. Here\u2019s our article about where to cash a money order. Other Rite Aid Services Rite Aid also has a number of other services you may want to take advantage of while you\u2019re there buying a money order. Rite Aid Pharmacy Offers prescription refills and a prescription advisor to help you take your prescriptions according to guidelines Immunizations are available for: Chicken Pox, HIB, Hep A, Hep B, HPV, the flu, Meningitis, /Rubella, Pneumonia, Polio, Shingles, and Tetanus. Though not all vaccines are available in all states. Select locations have RediClinics, which treat common conditions like strep throat, ear infections, UTIs, pink eye, and others. Special discounts for seniors through the wellness65+ program A free quit-for-you program to help people stop smoking Photo Printing Printable in-store coupons Can print photos onto special gift items including mugs, metal wall art, tote bags, and canvas Print from smartphone at the photo kiosk in store Similar Stores to Rite Aid That Sell and Cash Money Orders If you don\u2019t have a Rite Aid near where you live or work but you still need to purchase a money order, there are plenty of other options. For a list of all the places to buy money orders, including stores similar to Rite Aid, convenience stores and grocery stores see our article Where Can I Get a Money Order. If you\u2019re looking for a place to cash a money order, you have fewer options. Your best bet is to deposit the money order into your own bank account, wait for it to clear, and then withdraw the funds. If you want to cash a money order, again, your own bank is the best option. But, there are some other places to cash a money order. See the complete list in our article, Where Can I Cash a Money Order? In Summary For people who want to pay bills, purchase goods, or simply want to send guaranteed funds without the risk associated with exchanging cash, money orders are a trusted method of payment. Rite Aid money orders are convenient because of the low fees, numerous locations, and long hours. No Rite Aid near you? There are many similar convenience and pharmacy stores that also sell money orders.", "label": 0, "id": 211}
{"text": "About Hillary Clinton's \"What Happened\" Book is an upcoming memoir written by Hillary Clinton discussing the contentious 2016 United States presidential election. The book title was widely mocked on Twitter following its announcement in late July 2017. On July 27th, 2017, Hillary Clinton unveiled the title of her upcoming book What Happened, a memoir discussing experiences during her 2016 presidential run against Donald Trump (shown below). [1] Book Cover Spread That day, Twitter user @Kno tweeted a photoshopped version of the book cover edited to read \"What in the Entire Fuck Happened?\" (shown below, left). Meanwhile, Twitter user @ColeLedford11 posted a photoshopped picture of the inside of a book with a passage about Clinton getting \"3 million more votes than Trump even with his collusion with the Russian government\" (shown below, right). What in the Entire Fuck Happened? \"I got 3 million more votes than Trump even with his collusion with the Russian government\" Also on July 27th, several Twitter users posted joke names for the book along with the hashtag \"#BetterNamesForHillarysBook\" [2] (shown below). Meanwhile, The Daily Dot [3] published an article about the online reaction to the book titled \"Hillary Clinton\u2019s new book title is getting laughed off of Twitter.\" Search Interest External References", "label": 0, "id": 236}
{"text": "Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First I think WRAL should be ashamed! How can you just assume this person is a man? What if that is not the pronoun they choose for themselves and here you are all over your story just, \"Man\", \"his\", \"he\".I mean what you've basically done is committed a terroristic act on trans-non-binary people everywhere. You should post a public apology because I'm literally autistic and this makes me want to cry. I'm not even joking right now! I cannot believe how insensitive this story is!If this were California, you'd be in jail right now! Just when I have a sliver of faith in humanity, I go and read WRAL story comments. Good job being horrible people. That is one creepy looking \"guy.\" So Democrats want their daughters to be okay with going to the restroom with this guy? Where does the story say anything about anyone using a female restroom? So.is it possible for them to assault each other and never trigger an \"assault on a female\" charge that often coincides with domestic disputes? Oldest First", "label": 0, "id": 627}
{"text": "I was listening to a Christian radio show awhile back before I was scheduled to go on, and one of the guests before me was talking about the organization he formed to fight back against powerful liberals in the United States and the ideologies they are spending billions of dollars to advance. This man kept talking about how liberalism is a \u201cthreat\u201d to Christianity, and how any number of liberal political ideologies are going to somehow damage the faith, though he wasn\u2019t very specific as to how. Similarly, I was watching a video the other day in which the Christian missionary called Islam \u201cthe greatest threat to Christianity today.\u201d Really? A threat to what? Make Christianity untrue? What Are We So Afraid Of? So many American Christians, evangelicals in particular, are paralyzed by fear. We talk about how political liberalism or Islam are \u201cthreats\u201d to Christianity and make compelling cases for why our brothers and sisters in Christ should devote time, money and other resources to protect Christianity against these threats. Christianity is not threatened by modern political liberalism, any strand of Islam (violent or non-violent) or any other worldview on the entire planet. I tweeted last week: \u201cIf you view other religions or worldviews as \u2018threats\u2019 to Christianity, I kind of wonder if you know how the story ends.\u201d The idea that something could be a \u201cthreat\u201d to Christianity implies that, somehow, Christianity could be put on a sort of \u201cendangered religions\u201d list, or that Christians could become extinct altogether. This is a lie fueled by hearts that have made an idol of power and influence. Christianity, defined by the gospel of Jesus Christ and the implications of that gospel, offers the world what other worldviews cannot. So, Christians who want the best for their communities and the world are right to work for Christianity\u2019s spread around the world. But, particularly among conservative evangelicals in 21st-century America, there seems to be a feeling that Christianity is at risk of extinction. This is not the case. Christianity\u2019s Dominance Is Threatened Is Christianity at risk of losing its powerful influence over America? Yes it is (most say it already has). Is Christianity at risk of becoming less and less socially acceptable in America and bordering on being considered \u201chate\u201d? Yes it is. For some, these two truths are terrifying and are indicative of the impending demise of Christianity. Do not believe this lie. It is right to be concerned for the millions of Christians around the world who are being threatened. This is a reality about which we should be praying regularly. But \u201cthreatened Christians\u201d do not make a \u201cthreatened Christianity.\u201d Christianity\u2019s existence and well-being is not dependent on how widespread it is accepted in America or the world. Christianity is dependent on the finished work of Christ. Period. This means nothing is a \u201cthreat\u201d to Christianity. Plenty of forces\u2014worldviews, political ideologies and more\u2014threaten Christianity\u2019s dominance in America. For some, Christianity\u2019s dominance in America and the Western world is what legitimizes it. It is these people who believe Christianity is threatened. Because it\u2019s true\u2014Christian dominance in America and the West is being overshadowed by other worldviews. Praise God that the Christian faith is not dependent on its 21st-century cultural dominance, but by the dominion of its eternal, glorious God. When you claim that ISIS or the Democrats or whomever else is threatening Christianity, you spit in the face of the God who conquered sin and death because you\u2019re afraid he can\u2019t conquer competing worldviews. Christianity doesn\u2019t have to be the most popular worldview in America to be the right one. Sometimes I think American evangelicals push for the widespread acceptance of Christianity because they want to be \u201cright\u201d more than they want the world to flourish in the grace of God. No terrorist attack, peaceful mosque or Supreme Court justice can knock down the house whose cornerstone is Christ. But it will demolish the house whose cornerstone is cultural favor. Romans 8:35 says, \u201cWho shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or danger, or sword?\u201d Or liberals, or ISIS, or Supreme Court Justices, or car bombs? The foundation of our faith is seated on the throne because his work is finished. He\u2019s not concerned. Why should we be? This article originally appeared here.", "label": 1, "id": 143}
{"text": "US President Donald Trump. | Photo Credit: US President Donald Trump on Thursday dismissed an upcoming book on his campaign and administration as \"full of lies\" and invented sources, after unsuccessfully attempting to block its release. \u201cI authorised Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book. Full of lies, misrepresentations and sources that don't exist,\u201d Mr. Trump tweeted in reference to Michael Wolff's \u201cFire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House.\u201d \u201cLook at this guy's past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve!\u201d Mr. Trump wrote. It was unclear to whom Mr. Trump was referring, with possibilities including Steve Bannon, his former chief strategist, and Steve Rubin, the president of Henry Holt and Company, which is publishing Wolff's book. The book quotes key Mr. Trump aides, including Mr. Bannon, expressing serious doubt about his fitness for office. Mr. Trump has been enraged by the betrayal by Mr. Bannon \u2014 a man who engineered the New York real estate mogul's link to the nationalist far right and helped create a pro-Trump media ecosystem. After Mr. Trump instructed his lawyers to try to block the release of the book, the publishers responded by moving the release date up by four days to Friday.", "label": 0, "id": 638}
{"text": "Hotel Guard Opens Up Jesus Campos, the Mandalay Bay security guard who alerted police to the Las Vegas shooter, is speaking out for the first time about the violent encounter that left him with gunshot wounds. Jesus opened up to Ellen DeGeneres . detailing the harrowing moments leading up to him discovering Stephen Paddock on the 32nd floor, just as he was starting to open fire on the crowd of concertgoers below. He thinks a loud slamming door during his routine check of the floor is what tipped off his location to Paddock, who then started shooting into the hallway -- and hit Campos in the leg. Miraculously, Campos says he was still able to somehow get on his radio and tell his team shots had been fired. You can hear his full story on Wednesday's episode of 'Ellen.'", "label": 0, "id": 620}
{"text": "Politicians are trying to deceive you. Modern (American) politics is essentially a game in which politicians say and do whatever they possibly can to persuade people that they are an ideal leader deserving of a vote. But you already know that. Hopefully. Most of us are pretty cynical about politics and straight-up expect politicians to lie to us. We understand that posturing, over-promising, tricky rhetoric, and psychological manipulation are par for the course in the political arena. Interestingly, though, I\u2019ve been hearing some claims regarding the current presidential race that contradict the typical cynicism with which most people view political candidates. Specifically, I\u2019ve heard many people expressing the belief that Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are refreshingly different from typical political candidates. Why? Because they say what they really feel and think, supposedly. They aren\u2019t just talking heads. They\u2019re real people who will let their real views and ideas be known, for better or worse. That might be true, to some extent. Trump and Sanders might be more authentic than most politicians (which wouldn\u2019t take much). It\u2019s almost impossible to say. The Truth But even if they are, make no mistake: They are still playing the game like everyone else. I\u2019m not saying anything about their merits as candidates or people, and I\u2019m not making any kind of moral judgment. I\u2019m just saying that they too are posturing, over-promising, and employing tricky rhetoric and psychological tactics to win over their audiences. Don\u2019t think for a second that they\u2019re not. No one would have a prayer of winning a presidential race without doing those things. But people are viewing them as utterly genuine. People are taking them at face value. Sanders has this effect on people because he\u2019s so fiercely passionate about the issues. I actually believe he sincerely cares about the things he wants to change, and so he exudes an earnestness while speaking that captivates many people, especially people in my generation. Nonetheless, I assure you that Sanders is self-aware of his grandiose, fiery style and his calls for revolution. He knows he\u2019s over-promising, and he\u2019s consciously trying to create a tsunami of unrealistically high hope for a better world and ride that wave into the White House, like Obama did. It\u2019s a good strategy, though if he gets elected, many people will probably be upset when the revolution doesn\u2019t arrive, when the billionaire class continues to exist, and when big money continues to influence politics.\u00b9 Trump, on the other hand, is perceived as honest because he says and does so many ludicrous things, compared to traditional candidates. Trump\u2019s behavior is so ridiculous that people can\u2019t fathom that most of it could be an act, a strategy, a role he\u2019s learned to play. But it is. And whereas Bernie is trying to ride a wave of hope into the White House, Trump is trying to ride a wave of fear and anger. Trump\u2019s appeal is downright frightening because we are at a rather precarious moment in the history of the United States and the history of the world. The planet is filled with nuclear warheads; environmental crises are ; the largest refugee crisis since World War II is taking place. The 21st century is a time in which the countries of the world need more than ever to cooperate with one another, consider a global perspective, and devise strategies that will make the human enterprise sustainable through the 21st century and hopefully far beyond. But Trump isn\u2019t much of a cooperator. He\u2019s explicitly stated that he wants to build a wall around much of the United States, and he\u2019s made comments that reveal a frighteningly uncritical and violent approach to international relations (on ISIS: \u201cI would bomb the shit out of \u2019em,\u201d and \u201c \u2026 you have to take out their families.\u201d). From my vantage point, a leader like Trump is more likely to help bring about World War I than a more sustainable, equitable, and unified human enterprise.\u00b2 Many people don\u2019t see it this way, though. Many believe that Trump\u2019s aggressive and America-centric approach to politics will be our saving grace. This may have something to do with the hypothesized psychological divide between people who lean Left versus people who lean Right. Some fascinating studies have suggested that there are neurobiological differences between liberals and conservatives. One study found, for instance, that conservatives tend to respond to threatening situations with more aggression than liberals. If one wanted to appeal to conservative-minded people, it follows then that one could paint a picture of the world as One Giant Threat to America and propose an extremely aggressive plan to ameliorate the situation. As we\u2019ll see, Donald Trump is a master of this persuasive tactic. He\u2019s a master of a number of other tactics as well, and the cumulative effect of these tactics is that he\u2019s gone from being considered a joke candidate to having a decent chance of becoming the next leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world. 12 Psychological Tactics That Make Donald Trump a Master Manipulator Let\u2019s take a closer look at the various tactics Trump has used to climb into his present position. The following points were gathered primarily from two YouTube videos\u00b3 created by Charlie Houpert, which provide an excellent analysis of Trump\u2019s various psychological strategies. You\u2019ll find the videos embedded at the bottom of this article, if you\u2019d like to watch them, but that isn\u2019t necessary, as I\u2019ll thoroughly summarize the 12 strategies they discuss. 1. Sowing Seeds of Fear Wiki Commons Trump has said, \u201cYou\u2019re going to have more World Trade Centers. It\u2019s going to get worse and worse, folks,\u201d and \u201cWhen Mexico sends its people, they\u2019re not sending their best. They\u2019re bringing drugs; they\u2019re bringing crime; they\u2019re rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.\u201d These are blatant instances of fear-mongering. Trump deliberately hones in on frightening statistical rarities \u2014 terrorist attacks against the US and immigrants who are dangerous rapists \u2014 and acts like they\u2019ve become the norm. Violence has actually declined over recent decades and centuries, but Trump makes it seem like the opposite has happened. Why does he do this? Charlie Houpert, the creator of the videos I mentioned, explains it well: \u201cFear is an incredibly powerful emotion. It captures our attention like no other emotion can. We focus intensely on the thing that is giving us that fear. Secondly, it shuts down higher thinking. When we\u2019re terrified by a bump in the night, we don\u2019t focus on the probability that it\u2019s just the wind. Our critical thinking skills dip as we focus solely on protecting ourselves. Thirdly, it feels crappy, so the fastest way to get out of fear and move toward a powerful emotion is to move into anger.\u201d Proven Winners Visit Site Major news outlets portray the world as a terrifying place because doing so captures people\u2019s attention. Trump is doing the same thing. Fear ensnares our attention like nothing else can, while simultaneously short-circuiting our higher cognitive functioning. This is unsettling because our natural response to fear is to escape or destroy whatever is threatening us as quickly as possible. It is quite natural for humans to cope with fear by becoming angry and aggressive. Trump fuels this fire of fear-driven rage and hostility as much as he possibly can and directs it toward non-American outgroups. He says things like \u201cChina is taking our jobs; they\u2019re taking our money,\u201d and \u201cSyrians are now being caught at the Southern border; we don\u2019t know who they are; could be ISIS.\u201d He sets up false dichotomies between the interests of Americans and the interests of other humans of the world, such that if you disagree with him, you appear to be anti-American. This leaves many credulous viewers with one obvious response: to be an angry, aggressive, Trump-supporting American who views the rest of the world with suspicion and aggression! This potent combination of fear-, anger-, and aggression-mongering then sets Trump up for one of his most effective lies: that he is the only big, strong man tough enough to do what needs to be done to kick everyone else\u2019s ass and \u201cmake America great again.\u201d Trump makes unrealistic claims such as \u201cNo one else will keep you safe,\u201d and \u201cNo one is going to mess with us.\u201d He presents himself as the most dominant and strongest-willed candidate \u2014 the only candidate capable of returning the US to its rightful position as Imminent, Dominant Global Superpower. But again, do we need America to dominate other at this point in history? It\u2019s likely that some amount of military action is advisable, as certain groups (e.g. ISIS) are committing brutal crimes against innocent people. However, if one looks at the bigger picture, it becomes clear that cooperation rather than conflict must become the rule in the human enterprise, if the human species is to persist into the deep future. On a planet now laced with nuclear warheads, unbounded aggression is no longer an option. And in a biosphere facing various environmental crises, our species must recognize the collective goal of devising sustainable systems to avert catastrophe. But, as I mentioned earlier, research has suggested that conservative-minded people respond more aggressively to threatening situations than liberal-minded people. Instinctively aggressive people respond favorably to Trump\u2019s call for a return to an Ultra-Dominant America. That some people are more instinctively aggressive than others is not a \u201cbad\u201d thing. Clearly, this arrangement was beneficial in our primal past, or we would not have evolved this way. However, we don\u2019t live in the world of our distant ancestors anymore. We live in a world in which excessive is a potential threat to the entire biosphere and all sentient life. Thus, we need leaders who are capable of taking calculated aggressive measures after a thorough analysis of all available courses of action, not leaders whose default response to problematic circumstances is to use hyper-aggressive military force, as Trump wishes to do. The world is a damn complex and ambiguous place, but admitting this reality is not a good political strategy. It\u2019s much more effective to paint the world as a simple place where things are either X or not-X. To do so is to commit the \u2018false dilemma\u2019 fallacy. A quintessential example is a much-cited statement made by George W. Bush in 2001: \u201cEither you are with us, or you are with the terrorists.\u201d It comforts people to tell them that things must be either this or that because it makes them feel that they understand the insanely complex bramble of global affairs that no individual human actually understands en toto. Trump is brilliant at reducing the complexity of the world to black-and-white narratives. One of his favorites is the narrative of Winners vs Losers. In Trump\u2019s story, America has been unambiguously losing in recent memory; America is becoming a perma-loser before our eyes, and we\u2019re just getting used to it. Wiki Commons Of course, with Trump as president, America is going to start winning again in all regards. \u201cWe\u2019re going to start winning so much that you\u2019re going to get used to winning instead of getting used to losing,\u201d he has said. Does it even make sense to conceive of individual countries as \u201cwinners\u201d or \u201closers\u201d in a world where the future of our entire species and all life on Earth is potentially at stake? Probably not. Yet Trump\u2019s black-and-white narrative appeals to our desire for simple, digestible stories and our American hyper-competitiveness. And again, when people are afraid and angry, they are primed to accept whatever convenient narrative promises to allow them to escape their fear, and thus the absurdly vague and reductive America is Going to Start Winning So Much Again That We\u2019ll Have Nothing to Worry About story begins to seem quite alluring indeed. One downside of portraying yourself as the Big Strong Man is that there will still always be situations in which someone gets the best of you, making you appear foolish or weak. Donald Trump has found himself in this situation on a number of occasions. One of the most notable was a situation in which Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly confronted Trump about past comments in which Trump had called women he disliked \u201cfat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals.\u201d This question was a potential landmine for Trump, but he interrupted Megyn Kelly halfway through her question by saying, \u201cOnly Rosie O\u2019Donnell.\u201d This comment caused an uproar of laughter in the audience and all but derailed the inquiry into Trump\u2019s juvenile and dehumanizing remarks. Trump has perfected this strategy of deflecting potential threats through the use of humor. As Charlie Houpert put it: \u201cSo that is the power of laughter. It is a pattern interrupt[ion]. You can\u2019t stay booing and upset and angry when somebody makes you uncontrollably laugh. It also makes you more receptive to whatever comes next that somebody has to say because they\u2019ve already started to lead you emotionally. So what Donald Trump is doing is using laughter to take control of situations where he\u2019s starting to lose control. And what that does for him is it effectively helps him dodge any points that you make against him because he can almost erase them with a laughing crowd.\u201c Humor isn\u2019t Trump\u2019s only strategy for avoiding discussion of some of the more contentious issues in his record. Another favorite strategy of his is to simply act superior to all opponents and criticisms. In one of the GOP debates, Jeb Bush attempted to point out that Donald Trump had completely changed his stance on ISIS in a matter of two months. As Jeb was saying this, Trump didn\u2019t even pay him the courtesy of looking in his direction. Instead, he looked only at the audience with an expression of disbelief and disgust that said, \u201cWho is this guy?\u201d This maneuver indicates to the audience that Bush\u2019s attack is ridiculous, laughable, not even worthy of attention, allowing Trump to bypass any sort of rational discussion. By contrast, when Trump attacked Bush, Bush looked directly at Trump with an expression of distress and disconcertedness, playing perfectly into Trump\u2019s game. Jeb appeared to be something of a confused and insecure novice looking to Big Daddy Trump for answers. This point is related to the previous two, but it deserves emphasis. Trump\u2019s power plays \u2014 whether making jokes in the face of criticism or acting superior to other candidates \u2014 are all aimed at making him appear as the leader of a game in which everyone else is merely a player. In social dynamics, this is referred to as \u201cframe control.\u201d Trump frames every interaction as if he is unquestionably superior to those around him, as if everyone else is in his world. When it comes to politics, whichever politician has the strongest and most unflinching frame will make that frame a perceived reality. And Trump is very good at unflinchingly selling his frame. As a billionaire, thick-skinned businessman, he\u2019s been practicing this tactic for decades. Combine this with his fear-mongering, anger-mongering, and presenting himself as the One Great Strong Solution to Loser America, and you\u2019ve got a potent combination of factors coming together to make Donald Trump appear to be an untouchable, iron-willed leader in comparison to his opponents. Another of Trump\u2019s favorite tactics (and another form of frame control) is to trap other candidates in double-bind situations. Essentially, this means that he puts them in positions where it doesn\u2019t matter what they say or how they react to him \u2014 however they respond, he will come out looking better and they will come out looking worse. Charlie Houpert cites the example of Trump taunting Jeb Bush about having low energy during one of the GOP debates. Trump says, \u201cI know you\u2019re trying to build up your energy, Jeb, but it\u2019s not working.\u201d In the face of such a statement, Jeb Bush has two options: to try to ratchet his energy up or keep it where it it down a notch. If he chooses the former, he appears to be reacting to Trump, making Trump look like he\u2019s in control. If he chooses the latter, he remains low-energy and Trump can just steamroll him throughout the debate. It\u2019s a lose-lose situation for Jeb Bush, and this is the power of a double-bind. Donald Trump repeats emotionally provocative words like \u201cstrong\u201d and \u201cwin\u201d over and over and over. The second of Charlie Houpert\u2019s videos shows one absurd clip in which Trump manages to say the word \u201cwin\u201d 12 times in about 15 seconds. This tactic subtly conditions people to associate strength and victory with the Trump campaign. You might think that this tactic is silly or would only be effective on unintelligent people, but you\u2019d be wrong. There\u2019s a reason large companies pour millions of dollars into ad campaigns with catchy taglines and jingles: through sheer repetition, certain associations become embedded in the mind, if only on an unconscious level. Watch the documentary Century of the Self sometime if you don\u2019t believe me. Trump loves to hammer social proof. He repeats over and over and over that he\u2019s ahead in the polls or that people agree he won a particular debate. As social creatures, we have a distinct and sometimes malignant tendency to do and believe whatever we think everyone else is doing and believing. Trump understands the importance of this fact, and so at every turn, he acts as if he has an army of people behind him. Trump is also very careful to avoid negative social proof. For instance, at one point Trump appeared on the O\u2019Reilly Factor, and Bill O\u2019Reilly suggested that people had seen Trump as a \u201cbuffoon\u201d when he first announced his campaign. Trump outright rejected this statement, acted as if it was outrageous, and assured the audience that people did not feel that way. He was very deliberate and forceful about this because he knows that what people think other people think is one of the most potent forces driving human belief and behavior. His decades in business almost certainly ingrained that lesson into his mind. Trump loves to assert that authority figures approve of him and disapprove of other candidates. The second video of Charlie Houpert\u2019s cites Trump saying, \u201cLarry Kudlow likes my tax plan,\u201d and \u201cExperts wonder if Cruz can run the US because he was born in Canada.\u201d Trump understands that especially in our uncertain postmodern world with its endless sources of competing information, people look to experts to form their opinions. There is also a cognitive bias known as the Asch effect that is relevant here. From Wikipedia: \u201cIn repeated and modified instances of the Asch conformity experiments, it was found that high-status individuals create a stronger likelihood of a subject agreeing with an obviously false conclusion, despite the subject normally being able to clearly see that the answer was incorrect. So not only do we tend to feel pressure to conform with the herd, but we also feel pressure to agree with high-status individuals. Here\u2019s an off-the-cuff armchair-evolutionary-psych explanation for this phenomenon: When our ancestors lived as bands of hunter-gatherers, it was beneficial to have an extraordinary level of cohesion of belief and action in a given tribe; it was often a matter of life or death. Thus, tribes in which people unquestioningly accepted the worldview passed on by wise elders and readily conformed to the herd mentality would be more likely to survive. Anyway, for whatever reason, we\u2019re much more likely to believe something if an authority figure or expert tells us it\u2019s true. Trump understands this and takes advantage of it at every turn. This might come as a surprise, but humans actually suck at making rational decisions and are much more likely to make emotion-driven decisions. This is a great thing a lot of the time because in many areas of life, our emotions and feelings are excellent indicators of an appropriate course of action. But when it comes to choosing the leader of one of the most powerful countries in the world, it might be a bad idea to vote for a guy because his smile gives you the warm fuzzies. Unfortunately, it\u2019s damn difficult for humans to use rationality, especially if they haven\u2019t been trained to think critically or haven\u2019t researched the various cognitive biases that result in inaccurate thinking. Donald Trump knows that most people make their decisions on the basis of emotion rather than reason. He also knows that there are certain methods of manipulating people\u2019s emotions to get them to do what you want. Most all of the items on this list \u2014 from fear-/anger-mongering and deflection via humor to repetition, social proof, and appeal to authority \u2014 are effective methods of making people feel very confident about a position, despite the fact that they haven\u2019t considered any statistical evidence or rational arguments. Donald Trump understands this, and that\u2019s why you\u2019ll never see him engaging in a rational discussion of the issues or of the criticisms levied against him. When challenged to do so, Trump will deflect via humor, appeal to vague authorities or social proof, or utilize some sort of half-relevant anecdote to appeal to emotion and distract from his shortcomings. As I said before, Donald Trump isn\u2019t the only one playing the manipulation game. Other candidates also understand that people are emotional creatures, and any candidate who wants to have a chance of winning must use some or all of these tactics. Such is the nature of American democracy in 2016. What\u2019s frightening about Trump is that he\u2019s so damn good at playing this game. He\u2019s spent decades learning the subtle art of being a dominant social presence and persuading people to do what he wants them to do. His actual values and ideas could be egregiously ill-conceived. Hell, they could be a recipe for World War I. But because he\u2019s such a talented hypnotist politician, his actual values and ideas don\u2019t matter that much. If he wins the race, it will be because he effectively encouraged and harnessed the fear, anger, and emotion-driven decision-making of a large portion of the American public. Personally, I would prefer not to find out what happens to America after electing one of the most effective fear- and anger-mongers since, uh, Adolf Hitler. I would prefer not to find out if a man who has spent the last 30 years plastering his name on everything he could put his name on gives two shits about the interests of most Americans. I would prefer not to find out if a businessman with no political experience is prepared to approach the challenges of the presidency with wisdom and acumen. I would prefer not to find out if Trump\u2019s hard-ass, violence-friendly approach to political problems is as dangerous for planet Earth as I think it is. If you found this article educational or important in any way, please pass it on to your friends. 1. Don\u2019t get me wrong: I like Bernie and would likely vote for him if he were to get the nomination. All I\u2019m saying is that he\u2019s playing the game too, and that in reality, he had no choice but to play the game if he wanted to have any chance of winning. 2. One could also argue that an extremely passive or pacifistic US President could inadvertently cause a World-War-I situation by failing to take action to neutralize dangerous groups or leaders who are gaining power. Some argue that this is essentially what happened pre-World War II. My view is that we need leaders who are capable of taking aggressive measures after a thorough analysis of all available courses of action, not leaders whose default response to problematic circumstances is to use hyper-aggressive military force. 3. The two outstanding videos that inspired this post and provided many of the insights: 97.1% of users agree: 30 Challenges to Enlightenment is a life-changing set of tools. Start your journey now", "label": 1, "id": 219}
{"text": "During the 1950s \u201cRed Scare,\u201d innocent Americans were smeared and sometimes blacklisted for being supposed Communists. Real subversives existed, including Alger Hiss, a traitor and Soviet spy whom liberals \u2013 to their misfortune \u2013 made into a poster boy of McCarthyism. But the actual number of Communists was tiny and utterly not commensurate with the fervent public witch hunt led by right-wingers. Today\u2019s group hysteria comes from the left, as a fanatic political mob sees racists behind every door. Their paranoia is not harmless, as they use the racist bogeyman to intimidate political adversaries \u2013 and sometimes erstwhile friends \u2013 while seeking to silence political dialogue. As with the Red Scare, there\u2019s some reason for vigilance regarding actual racists, as Charlottesville reminded us. But as with the hunt for Communists under every bed, the scare tactics far outweigh the actual problem. The New McCarthyism revealed its full absurdity this week via the ACLU\u2019s Twitter stream, which had the temerity to post a picture of an adorable young toddler holding an American flag and a doll with the tag line \u201cThis is the future that ACLU members want.\u201d Because the girl (TRIGGER WARNING: I assume it\u2019s a girl, given the doll) happens to be blonde and Caucasian, the ACLU was promptly attacked \u2013 the ACLU! Immediately the politically correct rage mob commenced a digital protest led by credentialed injustice professionals such as Professor Nyasha Junior of Temple University who posted, \u201cA white kid with a flag!\u201d Yes, Professor. In much of America outside of your faculty lounge, young American children waving Old Glory warms the heart and makes us smile rather than prompt thoughts of white supremacy lurking under the sheets. Did the ACLU, a group once known for taking brave and unpopular stands, hold its ground or, better yet, simply ignore the online rabble? Sadly, no. The organization shortly responded with a Kermit the Frog image saying \u201cThat\u2019s a very good point\u201d and the post \u201cWhen your followers keep you in check and remind you that white supremacy is everywhere.\u201d Come again? This lovely young kid holding a flag equals \u201cwhite supremacy\u201d? Who even thinks of such things? Answer: the diversity hustlers. Shame on the ACLU, which apparently should have posted a picture of a gender-fluid dark-skinned child, holding a rainbow flag, perhaps with a COEXIST sticker on [gender-neutral pronoun] wheelchair. This is not merely social-media silliness. It\u2019s not even lunacy, although it certainly seems insane. This is a weapon used cynically and viciously -- little girls are apparently acceptable collateral damage -- by the left to isolate and demonize opponents, and particularly President Trump and his supporters. As MSNBC\u2019s Donny Deutsch said of Trump: \u201cHe is a racist -- can we just say it once and for all?\u201d Such accusations are not rare. If I had a dollar for every time the mainstream media accused Trump and his voters of racism, I\u2019d be about as rich as the recent Powerball winner. As a Hispanic, I believe that people of color, for far too long, have been taken for granted by the Democratic Party. I also believe that the Trump movement represents real policy solutions for the woes of poverty and violence that burden too many African-American and Latino citizens. But the digital rage mob holds people like me in particular contempt, as I saw during the 2016 campaign in the form of a constant stream of online slurs. Yes, today\u2019s liberals are quick to use racism\u2019s terms when it suits their purposes, calling me a \u201ccoconut\u201d (brown on the outside, white on the inside) and \u201cTio Tomas\u201d (Uncle Tom in Spanish). One of the main reasons America has succeeded as a country lies is our rejection of the tribalism that afflicts and paralyzes so much of the world. America is an idea, and one open to all who embrace it, regardless of skin color, heritage, or religion. To be sure, America must own the racist sins of our history. Thankfully, such systemic racism is just that, history \u2013 as evidenced by electing twice to our highest office an African-American man with a decidedly un-European name. Instead of allowing a new scourge, this Racist Scare, to corrode our discourse, we must embrace our common American identity, rooted in our best traditions and elucidated in our founding documents. We should be difficult to offend and slow to accuse others of the disease of prejudice. As the incumbent president of the United States explained in his inaugural address seven months ago: \u201cWhen you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for bigotry.\u201d Amen. Steve Cortes, a contributor to RealClearPolitics and Fox News, is the national spokesman for the Hispanic 100, an organization that promotes Latino leadership by advancing free enterprise principles. His Twitter handle is @CortesSteve. Secret Message from God Found in Human DNA (See What It Says)", "label": 1, "id": 10}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton Before Democrats burn James Comey in effigy, they should think about how the FBI director came to have an outsized influence in the election in the first place. It\u2019s not something Comey sought or welcomed. A law enforcement official who prizes his reputation, he didn\u2019t relish becoming a hate figure for half the country or more. No, the only reason that Comey figures in the election at all is that Democrats knowingly nominated someone under FBI investigation. Once upon a time \u2014 namely any presidential election prior to this one \u2014 this enormous political and legal vulnerability would have disqualified a candidate. Not this year, and not in the case of Hillary Clinton. The country has clearly lowered its standards in this election, and Donald Trump\u2019s madcap candidacy provides evidence of that almost every day. But Hillary\u2019s nomination was itself an offense against American political norms and an incredibly reckless act. And the Democrats were supposed to be the party acting rationally. Clinton effectively locked up the nomination in June and wasn\u2019t cleared of criminal wrongdoing by the FBI until July. What if she had been indicted? Would Democrats have run her anyway? Would they have substituted in a 74-year-old socialist who had lost the nomination battle, or someone else who hadn\u2019t even run? Any of these circumstances would have been unprecedented, but Democrats risked it. They did it, in part, because they could never bring themselves to fully acknowledge the seriousness of the email scandal and, relatedly, the ethical miasma around the Clinton Foundation. They considered it all another desperate trick of the Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy. Clinton henchman David Brock demanded that the New York Times retract its initial report of Clinton\u2019s exclusive use of a private email account in March 2015. A parade of Democratic operatives pooh-poohed the whole thing, from Clinton spokesman Karen Finney (\u201ca politically motivated series of attacks\u201d) to James Carville (\u201cnot going to amount to a hill of beans\u201d) to Howard Dean (\u201chooey\u201d). When they first got on a debate stage together last October, Bernie Sanders, the only man who had a chance to stop Clinton, pleased the crowd with a ringing denunciation of interest in her emails. Democrats bought the just-so stories offered up by the Clinton campaign. The FBI investigation was just a \u201csecurity review.\u201d The FBI wasn\u2019t investigating Hillary, but only her server. Anything to deflect from the seriousness of the matter. While Democrats willfully looked the other way, they put Comey in an impossible position. An indictment would change the course of American history. That was all on him. He ultimately blinked. But he also put on the record the recklessness of Clinton\u2019s practices as secretary of state in an attempt to create public accountability. Comey\u2019s conduct is open to criticism, but there\u2019s no way to please everyone when handling a case with such high political stakes. His notification to Congress last weekend is another case in point. All that can be said is that if Democrats didn\u2019t want the FBI to have any part in the election, they could\u2019ve considered that before nominating Clinton. Trump may be a deeply flawed candidate, but he caught a wave of popular fervor; Hillary, with her astonishing vulnerabilities, is a production of the Democratic elites who did everything to get her over the finish line. Just how vulnerable is she? If it weren\u2019t for the new trove of Huma Abedin emails, the blockbuster news this week would come via a Wall Street Journal report that the FBI is investigating the Clinton Foundation \u2014 although Fox News reported the same thing at the beginning of the year, and Hillary, of course, dismissed it as an \u201cunsourced and irresponsible claim that has no basis.\u201d The email scandal and Clinton Foundation will dog Hillary until Election Day and, should she win, into her presidency. For this, she has no one to blame but herself \u2014 and her irresponsible enablers.", "label": 1, "id": 60}
{"text": "Former Dawson\u2019s Creek star James Van Der Beek is joining Terry Crews in admitting he has experienced sexual harassment as a man in Hollywood. Van Der Beek added his voice to the chorus of men and women condemning disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein, in the wake of numerous sexual misconduct allegations. \u201cWhat Weinstein is being accused of is criminal. What he\u2019s admitted to is unacceptable \u2014 in any industry. I applaud everybody speaking out,\u201d Van Der Beek wrote on Twitter before revealing his own experience with sexual harassment. \u201cI\u2019ve had my ass grabbed by older, powerful men, I\u2019ve had them corner me in inappropriate sexual conversations when I was much younger,\u201d he wrote. \u201cI understand the unwarranted shame, powerlessness &amp; inability to blow the whistle. There\u2019s a power dynamic that feels impossible to overcome.\u201d See his tweets below. This week, in the wake of the Weinstein scandal, Crews also revealed via Twitter that he was groped in the past by an unnamed Hollywood executive. \u201cThis whole thing with Harvey Weinstein is giving me PTSD,\u201d Crews wrote before explaining he was targeted last year by a \u201chigh-level Hollywood executive\u201d who \u201cgroped my privates.\u201d \u201cI understand and empathize with those who have remained silent. But Harvey Weinstein is not the only perpetrator,\u201d Crews wrote. \u201cHollywood is not the only business [where] this happens, and to the casualties of this behavior \u2014 you are not alone. Hopefully, me coming forward with my story will deter a predator and encourage someone who feels hopeless.\u201d Weinstein has been accused of sexual misconduct by numerous women, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Ashley Judd, Rosanna Arquette, Cara Delevingne, and more. In a statement to The New Yorker, which detailed numerous allegations \u2014 including claims made by actress and filmmaker Asia Argento that Weinstein raped her by forcibly performing oral sex on her \u2014 the producer \u201cunequivocally denied\u201d allegations of non-consensual sex. The statement, released by his representative, continued, \u201cMr. Weinstein has further confirmed that there were never any acts of retaliation against any women for refusing his advances. Mr. Weinstein obviously can\u2019t speak to anonymous allegations, but with respect to any women who have made allegations on the record, Mr. Weinstein believes that all of these relationships were consensual. Mr. Weinstein has begun counseling, has listened to the community and is pursuing a better path. Mr. Weinstein is hoping that, if he makes enough progress, he will be given a second chance.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 198}
{"text": "In recent months, late-night talk show host Jimmy Kimmel has taken to scaremongering his audience with well-worn Democratic Party talking points regarding health care insurance policy. Between yuks, he occasionally accuses Republicans of being would-be baby killers, which is treated as an important political development because, well, Jimmy Kimmel is famous. This week, the comedian was back to explain why the new Graham-Cassidy Republican \"repeal\" bill is bad news. There were only two things wrong with his monologue: Almost everything he said was either completely untrue or highly misleading, and his simplistic emotional appeal was completely disconnected from the real world. The comedian's interest in policy was sparked by the harrowing experience of having a newborn son who suffered from a rare health condition. Thankfully, his boy is OK. \"If your baby is going to die and it doesn't have to, it shouldn't matter how much money you make,\" said an emotional Kimmel in May. \"I think that's something that, whether you're a Republican or a Democrat or something else, we all agree on that, right?\" Yes, everyone agrees. As far as I know, there isn't a single politician in America who has ever supported allowing babies to die because they are born with birth defects, even if the parents can't pay. Not pre-Obamacare, and not post-Obamacare. In any event, after Kimmel's May rant, Louisiana Sen. Bill Cassidy showed up on his show to explain his position. These types of culture encounters shouldn't be dismissed, because the fact is most viewers are unaware of specific policies and have a notional understanding that's prejudiced by the establishment media's coverage. Cassidy came up with something he called the \"Jimmy Kimmel Test,\" a test that no \"family should be denied medical care, emergency or otherwise, because they can't afford it.\" Kimmel claims that the new bill doesn't meet this threshold. \"This guy, Bill Cassidy, just lied right to my face,\" the talk-show host said on Tuesday night during an extended political rant. He went on to say, \"And by the way, before you post a nasty Facebook message saying I'm politicizing my son's health problems, I want you to know: I am politicizing my son's health problems.\" OK. He explained: \"Coverage for all? No. Fact, it will kick about 30 million Americans off insurance.\" Not a single person would be \"kicked off\" his or her insurance. Rather, the Congressional Budget Office review of the AHCA found that of the 24 million Americans who would no longer have health insurance after an Obamacare repeal, 14 million would choose not to buy insurance in 2018 in the absence of a penalty. And if Obamacare were not repealed, the CBO projects another 6 million people would voluntarily leave the Obamacare markets. Now, if you don't believe Americans should be afforded the choice to leave or not buy insurance, just say that. No one is being kicked off. Moreover, if Kimmel supports the individual mandate, Graham-Cassidy allows California to institute it -- as I am sure it would. Kimmel says: \"Pre-existing conditions? Nope. If the bill passes, individual states can let insurance companies charge more if you have a pre-existing condition.\" States would be allowed to apply for waivers to change what qualifies as an essential health benefit as long as they still preserve \"adequate and affordable health insurance coverage\" for people with pre-existing conditions. You may prefer price fixing to allowing states flexibility to try and fix these problems, but Graham-Cassidy does not break the \"Jimmy Kimmel Test.\" Kimmel might not be aware that there is no plan in place that has government cutting checks after every surgery. Kimmel then implored his audience to call Cassidy to stop the imaginary bill he had just described. It's a shame that Kimmel didn't provide a number to call for the tens of millions of Americans who have seen their premiums and out-of-pocket costs skyrocket under Obamacare's strictures. Is there no number available for those who are sick of being in exchanges that coerce them to buy plans they don't need that are sold by companies they don't like in fabricated, noncompetitive \"markets\" with dwindling choices? Anyway, so went a monologue that could have been written by any liberal activist. Which is to say it was all about cheap zero-sum emotionalism. Kimmel doesn't believe Americans deserve the chance to reduce the cost of health care with market-based reforms on the state level, or in giving states any flexibility in catering their plans to their own citizens. Kimmel believes California and New York should spend more per capita and smaller states should suffer. Kimmel doesn't believe that individuals and families should be allowed to contribute to health savings accounts or use them to help pay ever-growing insurance premiums. Kimmel wants average Americans to suffer. You see? Anyone can play this game. COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM Stunning Video Will Make Any Atheist's Jaw Drop", "label": 1, "id": 7}
{"text": "Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks during an event in Scranton, Pennsylvania, August 15, 2016 and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump holds a rally in Roanoke, Virginia, September 24, 2016 in a combination of file photographs. Donald Trump reported raising $100 million for his presidential campaign and the Republican party in September, a number that trails far behind Hillary Clinton\u2019s fundraising haul in the same month. Trump\u2019s campaign sent a statement Saturday announcing its \u201cnew fundraising record,\u201d which will fill the coffers for his presidential bid as well as the joint efforts of the Republican National Committee, and various state GOP parties. The campaign said Trump himself contributed $2 million of that total. In total, the campaign and its affiliated joint fundraising committees finished September with approximately $75 million cash on hand. \u201cThese numbers show that Donald Trump continues to have incredible broad based support from across America,\u201d Steven Mnuchin, Trump\u2019s finance chairman. But Trump\u2019s campaign apparatus is playing a catch-up game compared to Hillary Clinton\u2019s behemoth fundraising efforts, which drew in more than $154 million for her campaign and the Democratic Party in September alone. HFA, along with the campaign\u2019s other joint fundraising committees, began the month of October with a combined $150 million cash on hand. And when it comes to advertising, the numbers in the final stretch of the campaign continue the election-cycle trend of Clinton outspending Trump. Bloomberg reports that Clinton and various super PACs supporting the Democratic nominee have booked ads through election day with buys totaling $78.3 million. The amount is more than twice what Trump and his super PAC backers have scheduled -- $50 million, according to Kantar Media.", "label": 0, "id": 293}
{"text": "Could Hurricane Matthew hit America? The National Hurricane Centre (NHC) said the hurricane is bringing \u201cdevastating\u201d storm surge, extreme winds and heavy rains\u201d to extensive parts of Florida. \u201cExtremely dangerous hurricane Matthew heading for Florida,\u201d the NHC warned last night. \u201cIf you are one of ~1.5 million people in Florida under evacuation instructions, leave those storm surge areas and mobile homes now!\u201d The latest map, from the NHC, shows that the eye of the hurricane is travelling along the coast of Florida towards Georgia and the Carolinas. It is not yet known if the hurricane will go back out to sea after passing Florida but before reaching the other states further north. The governors of Florida, Goergia the Carolinas have declared a state of emergency amid fears that the storm could wreak havoc on today. The NHC said that the hurricane is due to track run parallel along the coast of Florida and Georgia all the way to South Carolina. It added that just a \u201csmall deviation\u201d off track could bring the major onshore with terrible consequences. A Hurricane Warning is in effect along the East Coast from Florida to South Carolina. A Hurricane Watch alert is also affecting parts of North Carolina. It added: \u201cAlthough strong winds and heavy rain are being experienced, the eye and thus the strongest winds are currently remaining just offshore. \u201cHurricane force winds are very close to the coast of Florida and the outer eyewall of Matthew is touching Cape Canaveral. A wind gust of 107 mph was recently recorded.\u201d \u201cWhen a hurricane is forecast to track roughly parallel to a coastline - as Matthew is forecast to go from Florida through South Carolina - it becomes very difficult to estimate the impacts this far in advance,\u201d the NHC added. This map shows the possible path of the hurricane The Met Office said: \"It is likely the eye of Hurricane Matthew will pass very close to the entire eastern coastline of the US state on Friday. \"Over the weekend it is expected that Matthew will weaken and turn north and northeast and affect the coastal areas of Georgia and the Carolinas. \"However, this is the point at which uncertainty grows in forecasts. \"It is looking increasingly likely that later in the weekend Matthew will turn out to sea, but the timing of this cannot be stated with certainty. \"Thus it is unclear how far north along the US coast will see impacts from Matthew.\" Met Office tropical prediction scientist Julian Heming explained that there are differences between the models that track the \u201cvery oblique\u201d path of the hurricane towards the US. Will Hurricane Matthew hit the Carolinas? A full evacuation has been announced in South Carolina after Hurricane Matthew tore its way through the Caribbean. A state of emergency has been declared across the whole state of South Carolina and 1.1million people are set to be evacuated across the state. South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley urged communities along to coast to evacuate at least 100 miles away and fill their cars full of gas before they set off on their journeys. A NHC spokesman said the eye of the hurricane looks \"like it's going to impact the Carolinas\" at the end of the week or over the weekend. North Carolina\u2019s Governor Pat McCrory has declared a state of emergency in 66 counties in central and eastern North Carolina. Parts of North Carolina have been evacuated. Mr McCrory also called on farmers to harvest their crops as soon as possible to prevent devastating flood damage if the hurricane hits. \u201cWe want to have everything in place early prior to the potential of an earthquake hitting North Carolina,\u201d he said. \u201cI\u2019m hoping this is a false alarm but we can\u2019t gamble - we won\u2019t gamble - with people\u2019s lives.\u201d Met Office Will Hurricane Matthew hit Georgia? Large swathes of Georgia have been evacuated and there is a state of emergency in place. But Georgia might be spared if the eye of the hurricane goes back out to sea before reaching the state. Mr Heming warned that the hurricane was approaching the US at an oblique angle which means that \"small shifts can make a big difference\". Even if the eye of the hurricane does not hit Georgia, there will be strong winds, rain, rip currents and dangerous conditions at sea. Matthew has been downgraded from category four to category three but it remains extremely powerful. Tue, October 4, 2016 At least 108 people have been killed by Hurricane Matthew in Haiti and the Dominican Republic as the United States braces itself for the worst storm in a decade. Tropical Storm Matthew, which has since gained hurricane strength, is seen in an image captured by NASA-NOAA's Suomi NPP satellite.", "label": 0, "id": 452}
{"text": "Paula Jones, Monica Lewinsky, Gennifer Flowers Early this year, Donald Trump made the seemingly audacious suggestion that Hillary Clinton was somehow responsible for Bill Clinton's infidelities. Trump called her an \"enabler\" and said she \"attacked the women who Bill Clinton mistreated afterward.\" In typical Trump fashion, the comment was designed to get attention. Mrs Clinton has been a champion of family issues and women's rights throughout her career, so the idea that she was the enabler of someone Mr Trump has called \"the greatest abuser of women in the history of politics,\" appeared outrageous. And yet, something resonated in Mr Trump's description of Hillary. There was a kernel of truth to his claim and now it is hurting Mrs Clinton with young female voters. The New York Times today has a long article outlining Mrs Clinton's role in the political handling of her husband's sexual affairs. It's pretty damning, and for Clinton's supporters it must make unpleasant reading. Anyone with an iota of empathy, of course, sympathises with what Hillary Clinton went through during the Lewinsky scandal. I was here and covered the story. It was grim, and the image of Chelsea steadfastly holding both parents hands as they walked, heads slightly bowed, to the helicopter on their way to that summer holiday in Martha's Vineyard will stick with me as one of the more poignant family portraits ever taken. Dealing with a spouse's unfaithfulness is traumatic in private. It must be an even deeper circle of Hell when splashed on the front of every newspaper. What is disconcerting now, however, is Hillary's role in pursuing the women themselves - Gennifer, Paula, Monica, they all, according to both the New York Times and previously published accounts, became the subject of brutal, organised discreditation campaigns. In 1992, Hillary told Esquire magazine that if she had the chance to cross examine Flowers, she would \"crucify her.\" Taking such determined steps to destroy a woman's reputation in order to protect her husband's political career smacks of depressingly cynical calculation. The Clintons hired a famous private investigator to dig up the women's pasts with the aim of destroying their reputations. It is not clear from the Times' reporting to what degree Mrs Clinton favoured this tough approach. Did she drive it or just give it an accepting nod? Maybe the more relevant point is that she condoned it. Hillary also famously called Ms Lewinsky a \"narcissistic loony toon,\" according to a friend's testimony. A staff member who was close to Hillary said she referred to Mr Clinton's affairs as \"bimbo eruptions\". And there's the problem for young women voters. Why should the character or the sexual past of these women be relevant to the truthfulness of their claims? Indeed, Mr Clinton went on to confess to affairs with both Ms Flowers and Ms Lewinsky, after initially denying them. By discrediting the women, the Clintons were spreading the subliminal message that it was somehow their fault more than Bill's. What were they trying to prove - that he was led astray by sexual predators? In 2016 that sounds grotesque. How it all started for Hillary Clinton How it all started for Hillary Clinton Today's sexual mores are very different from the 1980s and 1990s. Young women today expect women to stand up for other women, particularly in the area of sexual relations and particularly when those sexual relations involve a very powerful man and a younger woman. Younger women who have been through bruising college sexual abuse scandals across America have little tolerance for women who in any way cast blame on the victim. That empathy extends to consensual affairs - they just don't like women shaming other women. Which is exactly what Hillary Clinton was complicit in doing, according to the New York Times, and other previous accounts. Mrs Clinton's supporters say this is all old news, and is part of a right-wing attempt to slime her. Many millennial voters weren't even born when Monica and Bill were cavorting in the Oval Office. This is their first introduction to this sordid story. However the Clinton campaign tries to spin it, it just doesn't look great for their candidate.", "label": 1, "id": 590}
{"text": "With 11 days left in the presidential election, the FBI\u2019s decision to launch another investigation into Hillary Clinton\u2019s use of a private email system for government business threatens to upend an already volatile race. At the most, it could turn at least some voters to rival Donald Trump, who has rested much of his pitch on the argument that Clinton is dishonest and who grabbed at the news immediately as a gift to salvage his trailing campaign. With less but still important impact, it could freeze the momentum to Clinton that has helped her pull ahead in past weeks. At a minimum, it could have a nominal effect on an electorate that already had doubts about her honesty, and has already started voting. FBI Director James Comey set off the late October furor with a letter to Congress on Friday saying the agency was launching another investigation into Clinton\u2019s personal email server after obtaining additional information in an unrelated case Thursday. \u201cThe FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation,\u201d Comey wrote in the letter. \u201cI agreed that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.\u201d Breaking News Be the first to know when big news breaks Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Current Time\u00c2 0:00 / Duration\u00c2 3:10 Trump on newly discovered Clinton emails: at last justice will be done Advertisement Donald Trump was holding a rally in New Hampshire when news broke that the FBI would review new emails in its investigation of Hillary Clinton. He called the inquiry \u201cbigger than Watergate.\u201d By McClatchy Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta called the announcement so late in the campaign \u201cextraordinary\u201d and urged the FBI to release all of the details of what it is examining. \u201cWe are confident this will not produce any conclusions different from the one the FBI reached in July,\u201d Podesta said, referring to the FBI decision earlier not to seek any prosecution of Clinton. His eagerness to address the matter as fast as possible underscored the mysterious nature of the new investigation and the impact it could have. Donald Trump and his Republican allies have been baselessly second-guessing the FBI and, in both public and private, browbeating the career officials there to revisit their conclusion in a desperate attempt to harm Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta The news spread quickly, including through the battleground state of North Carolina, one of several where a turn of a few percentage points still could decide the race. \u201cThis is definitely going to influence me,\u201d said Democrat James Smythers, a warehouse manager from Princeton, North Carolina. \u201cI\u2019ll lean to Trump if he makes her pay for what she\u2019s done.\u201d A great day in our campaign just got even better. FBI reviewing new emails in Clinton probe @CNNPolitics 2lAK6\u2014 Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) October 28, 2016 EDITORS: BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM \u201cThe perception she\u2019s untrustworthy has existed for years,\u201d said Luke Perrin, a North Carolina State University sophomore from Hickory, North Carolina, who\u2019s a Clinton supporter. \u201cThis is going to add to that perception.\u201d Related stories from Bradenton Herald FBI\u2019s new Clinton investigation could upend presidential race Trump calls Clinton email investigation \u2018bigger than Watergate\u2019 EDITORS: END OPTIONAL TRIM At a rally featuring Republican vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence in Raleigh, the mood was buoyant among those waiting, but not overwhelmingly so. \u201cFive days ago I was down in the dumps, reading the polls,\u201d said Republican Suzanne Morse, a retiree from Clayton, North Carolina. \u201cNow I think there\u2019s hope. It may not make a big difference, it may not be in the millions, but every vote counts.\u201d Even if it doesn\u2019t drive voters to Trump, it could stop any momentum to Clinton. \u201cVoters who are on the bubble and maybe leaning toward Hillary, this puts the brake on,\u201d said Republican pollster Neil Newhouse. The FBI\u2019s decision to reopen their criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton\u2019s secret email server just 11 days before the election shows how serious this discovery must be. Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus Clinton, leading in both national polls and battleground-state surveys, had been trying not to cause any waves as the election winds down. She had benefited greatly from bad news about her opponent \u2013 multiple women accusing Trump of sexual assault following the release of a decade-old video in which he bragged about groping women \u2013 and was working to avoid any change in that narrative. Now Republicans will work hard in the next few days to use the latest development to drive the argument that Clinton is unfit. \u201cHillary Clinton\u2019s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before,\u201d Trump said Friday in Manchester, New Hampshire, as the crowd broke into chants of \u201clock her up.\u201d \u201cWe must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.\u201d Clinton email scandal + Anthony Weiner = a volcanic news cycle that will serve as an 11 day negative ad worth millions.\u2014 Ron Bonjean (@RonBonjean) October 28, 2016 Trump will have to rely on news media coverage to drive much of that message, having made the tactical decision much earlier not to spend as much time as Clinton did raising money \u2013 money he now could use to buy ads on the FBI news. EDITORS: BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM New fundraising reports just this week showed Clinton and associated Democratic committees had more than $62 million on hand as of Oct. 20, nearly four times the almost $16 million Trump and Republicans had. EDITORS: END OPTIONAL TRIM And he may have a bit of an uphill battle, given how many voters likely have already made up their minds about Clinton \u2013 or have already voted. EDITORS: BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM \u201cIs it an unfortunate piece of the agenda?\u201d asked Democratic pollster Mark Mellman. \u201cThe fact that we\u2019re sitting here 11 days before the election talking about emails again? Yes, but I don\u2019t think it fundamentally alters the race.\u201d \u201cThe truth is this is a story that\u2019s been out there a long time,\u201d he said. \u201cMost people have reached a conclusion on it one way or the other.\u201d EDITORS: END OPTIONAL TRIM Both campaigns now agree Director Comey needs to put forward more information about what prompted this letter to GOP chairmen.\u2014 Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) October 28, 2016 Indeed, voters have already seen thousands of Clinton\u2019s emails released by the State Department and thousands of her aides\u2019 emails released, some illegally, by news organizations, conservative groups and the anti-secrecy group WikiLeaks. \u201cMost people have already decided who they\u2019re going to vote for and I don\u2019t think this will influence people who have decided,\u201d said Jacob Trubey, a North Carolina State University freshman from Cary, North Carolina, who is not affiliated with either party. \u201cI just think it\u2019s going to be salacious for the next 10 days unless there\u2019s some bombshell out there,\u201d said Kim Alfano, a Republican strategist. \u201cI don\u2019t think this will do anything dramatic to the race.\u201d The Democratic and Republican parties are offering a choice between a candidate under FBI investigation, and Donald Trump. Voters deserve a lot better than that. America deserves better than that. Gary Johnson, Libertarian candidate for president Another potential mitigating effect: The news comes after millions already have voted. An estimated 17.1 million people had voted as of Thursday, and the surge of early voting is giving Clinton an important boost in swing states. EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE Nancy Gray, a retired high school counselor from Monterey Bay, Caliornia., for example, said she\u2019d already voted for Clinton by mail and had tuned out politics until election night. \u201cI\u2019m not even paying attention, I\u2019m so sick and tired of all the political stuff,\u201d she said. John Fetterman, mayor of Braddock, Pennsylvania, and a Clinton surrogate who was about to introduce former President Bill Clinton to a crowd in Reading, Pennsylvania, on Friday, said he hadn\u2019t gotten any \u201cpanicked calls from the campaign.\u201d \u201cI don\u2019t know how to quote a shoulder shrug,\u201d Fetterman said of his reaction to the email development. \u201cIt\u2019s just kind of a nothing burger. Could it move the needle a couple of points? Possibly. But I don\u2019t think it\u2019s going to be meaningful. I really feel Pennsylvania is comfortably blue.\u201d Vera Bergengruen and Lesley Clark contributed to this report. Anita Kumar: 202-383-6017, @anitakumar01 David Goldstein: 202-383-6105, @GoldsteinDavidJ David Lightman: 202-383-6101, @lightmandavid", "label": 0, "id": 579}
{"text": "This is how you remake a society. Muslims pray in the streets of France A 2014 study in France found that one-third of French births were non-white. The was before the mass migrant invasion of Europe supported by French, German, EU and Vatican leaders. Today the numbers have risen dramatically. 73% of children born in Paris are African. The national rate in France of African births is 39% African births will outnumber French births in France in 3 to 5 years. This will not end well. By 2022, African births will outnumber French births in France.This type of multiculturalism will kill the entire country and culture. pic.twitter.com/57IydjhZP7 \u2014 /pol/ News Infinity (@polNewsInfinity) October 14, 2017 Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 141}
{"text": "A group of anti-fascists attacked and stabbed a man outside his home in Vermont for not condemning a local white nationalist. On 16 August 2017, the right-wing web site BigLeaguePolitics.com reported that a Vermont man was attacked by an \u201cantifa mob\u201d \u2014 a description the alleged victim said did not come from him. Sam Wormer, the subject of the story, told us that he was met by five men outside his home a night earlier. Two of the five men, he said, attacked him directly while the other three \u201cjust kinda hung back,\u201d but he disputed the story\u2019s premise blaming anti-fascist groups: I honestly dont think antifa had anything to do with this. I personally believe this was a false flag attack perpetrated by the far right to further their own agenda. Big League Politics interviewed Wormer after he posted a picture of himself on his Facebook page with a visible cut to his stomach, which he told us came from a box cutter blade. The caption read: This is social justice apparently. This is what i get for sticking up for someone. Cowards. Wormer\u2019s attackers have not been identified. He said that even though he was called a \u201cNazi\u201d and a \u201cfascist\u201d, he did not describe them as being anti-fascists, either. He said there is a loosely organized antifa group in the area, which contacted him after the incident \u201ctrying to figure out what happened [and] who\u2019s responsible, and have been very very supportive\u201d. Wormer, who has not sought medical attention but filed a police report after the attack, first attracted media attention when he was interviewed in a Burlington Free Press story about Ryan Roy, a local man who was fired from his job after being identified as one of the participants in a white supremacist march held in Charlottesville, Virginia on 11 August 2017. Roy described himself as a white nationalist and supporter of President Donald Trump to the Free Press. He also said: Obviously I would advocate for racial separation and racial nationalism or repatriation or even a return to \u2014 our country was a white country up until the 1965 Hart-Celler Immigration Act. That legislation, which was signed into law by then-President Lyndon B. Johnson on 3 October 1965 and went into effect in June 1968, did away with quotas for immigrants to the U.S. based on their country of origin and instead gave priority to immigrants whose relatives already lived in the country, as well as those with \u201cspecialized skills.\u201d. According to Wormer, he was \u201ccompletely shocked\u201d to see Roy in a Vice News report about the rally and did not agree with his beliefs, but still opposed subsequent demands online for him to be fired or lose custody of his child. Taking away somebody\u2019s job and livelihood \u2014 I mean, that\u2019s just adding fuel to the fire. I don\u2019t think any good is going to come of this on anybody\u2019s side. He said that he was attacked shortly after he made a separate comment about Roy on Facebook, which read: I believe he\u2019s doing what he truly believes is right, and despite all the anger and hate pointed his way right now he stands by his choices. There\u2019s a lot to be said for that. I respect him for that, and I won\u2019t stand with those people who are trying to have Ryan\u2019s child taken away or have him fired. I can\u2019t, he and his family have done too much for me. Sorry but my allegiance is with Ryan no matter his choice, even if I can\u2019t agree with him. You can hate me for it, but I stand with my decision and if any violence comes his way I will stand with him. I don\u2019t agree with his actions but he has stuck up for me and other marginalized people when nobody else would. That is what family does. Wormer said besides the attack on him, his roommate and his roommate\u2019s mother also received death threats, including \u201ca threatening call\u201d. Wormer also told us that Roy contacted him after the attack: He and his mother both reached out to me and made sure I was okay and safe, and thanked me for standing up for him. Police in Essex Junction, where Wormer lives, told us they have \u201cnothing currently to report\u201d on the matter. But Wormer said he would press charges if the people responsible were caught. \u201cI don\u2019t want anyone else to get hurt,\u201d he said. Snopes.com has long been engaged in the battle against misinformation, an effort we could not sustain without the support of our readers. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support us, click here.", "label": 0, "id": 558}
{"text": "(Do what you want to do) (Do what you want to do) (Do what you want to do) (Don't let 'em run you) (Do what you want to do) (Do what you want to do) (Do what you want to do) (Don't let 'em run you) [Verse 1: Olly Simmons, Bruno Balanta] It doesn't matter what they say I won't accept it in any single way and-a Through the floors and-a through the cabling They're permeating in through every single day But I won't be confined by their regimented borders We've got the strength of over fifty thousand soldiers And we're not duty bound to anybody's orders (Come on everybody now) Don't let 'em run you [Buildup: Olly Simmons, Bruno Balanta] What you wanna do What you wanna do What you wanna do Don't let 'em run you What you wanna do What you wanna do What you wanna do Don't let 'em run you (Do what you want to do) (Do what you want to do) (Do what you want to do) (Don't let 'em run you) Don't let 'em run you! [Drop 1: Bruno Balanta] Don't let them run you [Verse 2: Olly Simmons] They're gonna take it all away This is a war and the enemies engaging But you can see through their lies and decide for your life I won't be confined by their regimented borders We've got the strength of over fifty thousand soldiers We're not duty bound to anybody's orders (Come on everybody now) Don't let 'em run you! [Drop 2] [Verse 1: Olly Simmons, Bruno Balanta] It doesn't matter what they say I won't accept it in any single way and-a Through the floors and-a through the cabling They're permeating in through every single day But I won't be confined by their regimented borders We've got the strength of over fifty thousand soldiers And we're not duty bound to anybody's orders (Come on everybody now) Don't let 'em run you [Buildup: Olly Simmons, Bruno Balanta] (Do what you wanna do) (Do what you wanna do) (Do what you wanna do) (Don't let 'em run you) Don't let 'em run you! [Drop 3: Olly Simmons, Bruno Balanta] You! You! You! Don't let 'em run you! Don't let 'em run you [Verse 2: Olly Simmons] They're gonna take it all away This is a war and the enemies engaging But you can see through their lies and decide for your life I won't be confined by their regimented borders We've got the strength of over fifty thousand soldiers We're not duty bound to anybody's orders (Come on everybody now) Don't let 'em run you! [Drop 4] [Outro: Bruno Balanta] Don't let 'em run you", "label": 0, "id": 160}
{"text": "Former Dems Now Backing Trump: 'Our Country's Going in the Wrong Direction' Donald Trump joined Bill O'Reilly on \"The Factor\" tonight to discuss a wide range of topics, including his claims that the election is rigged against him. \"The system is rigged,\" Trump said, arguing that the media has been \"horrible\" in their coverage of him, while giving Hillary Clinton a pass for her various scandals. He added that Clinton was also given a pass by the Justice Department and the FBI for her private email server and mishandling of state secrets. \"She is so guilty in so many different ways that she shouldn't even be allowed to run for president,\" Trump stated. \"So right there, the system is really rigged.\" The Republican nominee added that he also isn't ruling out the possibility of widespread election fraud, with votes being miscounted at locations around the country. O'Reilly pointed out that there aren't any \"hard facts\" to back up such allegations. \"On a mass level . 120 million American votes . the thing's going to be dishonest? Do you believe that?\" O'Reilly asked. Trump asserted that there are 1.8 million deceased people registered to vote and 2.8 million people registered to vote in two states. \"There are things that are going on, Bill.\" Watch the \"O'Reilly Factor\" interview above, and let us know what you think in the comments. Clinton Aide in New WikiLeaks Email: 'We Need to Clean This Up. He Has Emails from Her'", "label": 0, "id": 214}
{"text": "You knew this was coming. Barack Obama increased the US national debt by nearly $10 trillion dollars and the liberal media SAID NOTHING! But now that President Trump is in office the liberal media had suddenly developed a new found interest in government spending. On Sunday Vice President Mike Pence attended the Indianapolis Colts game against the San Francisco 49ers. The VP had planned to attend the game for weeks. But after the NFL millionaires disrespected the US flag and military by kneeling during the national anthem, Vice President Pence and his wife walked out of the game. The liberal media is attacking the vice president for defending the flag and military. Several liberal hacks lashed out at the vice president after he left the game. Now this\u2026 CNN actually tabulated the cost of Mike Pence\u2019s trip to the game. As if they give a damn about government spending! This is CNN: How much did Vice President Mike Pence\u2019s trip to Indianapolis to watch \u2014 and then abruptly leave \u2014 a football game Sunday between the Indianapolis Colts and San Francisco 49ers cost? Here is an estimate of just the air costs (which does not include costs of advance personnel, Secret Service or support on the ground): According to the Air Force, flying a C-32, the model of plane used for Air Force 2, for one hour costs about $30,0. Pence\u2019s flight from Las Vegas to Indianapolis Saturday took about three hours and 20 minutes, so it cost about $100,0 Pence then flew from Indianapolis to Los Angeles on Sunday, which took about four hours and 45 minutes, costing about $142,500. The grand total: about $242,500. What a joke the media has become. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 166}
{"text": "Methinks she doth protest too much -- and too late. Those who condemned President Trump for not condemning white supremacist groups quickly and forcefully enough after Charlottesville have no problem with Hillary Clinton taking five full days to hypocritically condemn sexual predator Harvey Weinstein. Maybe she was pondering the similarities between Weinstein\u2019s predatory activities and that of her husband. Both used their positions of power to extort sexual favors, sometimes forcibly, from women. And just as Hollywood looked the other way for the sake of career advancement so too did Hillary Clinton as she rode her husband\u2019s attained coattails to political prominence. So her recent expression of disgust over Weinstein\u2019s activities ring hollow: At long last, the people who do the strategic planning for Hillary Clinton and tell her what emotions she should imitate in response to various stimuli have weighed in and they have decided that Harvey Weinstein is not a nice man: \u201cI was shocked and appalled by the revelations about Harvey Weinstein. The behavior described by the women coming forward cannot be tolerated. Their courage and the support of others is critical in helping to stop this kind of behavior.\u201d Hillary Clinton knew who and what Weinstein was as surely as she knew and knows what Bill Clinton is. Weinstein has been joined at the hip with the Clintons for a couple of decades\u2026 Ironically, as it turns out, he was a major defender of Bill Clinton in the Lewinski affair though Weinstein seemed to favor aiming at the ficus bushes rather than blue dresses. At the same time, mind you, that Hillary Clinton was active in directing a campaign to paint the battalion of women who had been sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton as morally decrepit if not outright crazy. Between Hillary\u2019s campaigns and the Clinton Foundation (out of curiosity, is the FBI still investigating this?) she has benefited from as much as a quarter million dollars from Weinstein. Hollywood was a major funder of both the Clinton and Obama political machines, and many a Hollywood star defended Bill Clinton\u2019s sordid activities as a personal matter as long as he was doing a good job as President. They similarly defended Weinstein as Michelle Obama once did, as a \u201cwonderful human being\u201d, as well as \u201ca good friend and just a powerhouse\u201d Both the Obamas and Clintons knew Weinstein well and neither should be given a pass for feigning ignorance and shock at his activities: None other than CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said on Tuesday evening that former President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton and former President Barack Obama and Michelle Obama should not get a \u201cpass\u201d on Harvey Weinstein. In fact, Toobin said their association with Weinstein throughout the years is a \u201cdark mark on their record.\u201d \u201cI don\u2019t think we can give the Clintons and the Obamas a pass here,\u201d Toobin said on Anderson Cooper 360. He cited Seth MacFarlane\u2019s creepy joke about Weinstein at an Oscars event and added that MacFarlane\u2019s joke illustrated that \u201ca lot of people knew or had very strong suspicions that this was a very bad guy.\u201d \u201cThe Obamas and the Clintons embraced him, did fundraisers with him, paid tribute to him,\u201d Toobin continued. \u201cI think it\u2019s a dark mark on their record\u2026\u201d The Obamas also finally said on record that they were \u201cdisgusted by the recent reports about Harvey Weinstein.\u201d \u201cMichelle and I have been disgusted by the recent reports about Harvey Weinstein,\u201d the Obamas said in a statement. \u201cAny man who demeans and degrades women in such fashion needs to be condemned and held accountable, regardless of wealth or status. We should celebrate the courage of women who have come forward to tell these painful stories. And we all need to build a culture -- including by empowering our girls and teaching our boys decency and respect -- so we can make such behavior less prevalent in the future\u2026\u201d As Breitbart News has reported, Weinstein visited the Obama White House on at least 13 occasions and Obama\u2019s daughter, Malia Obama, \u201crecently wrapped up an internship at the New York City offices of The Weinstein Co.\u201d Right. Perhaps Weinstein wanted to see where Bill Clinton dropped his cigar in the Oval Office. Hillary, of course, should be all too familiar with Harvey Weinstein\u2019s despicable behavior. She watched her husband do the same and worse for decades as she also allegedly fought for women\u2019s rights, except for the right of their victims to leave the room unmolested. Hillary famously said that all claims of rape, abuse, and harassment should be deemed credible and be believed until proven otherwise. It seems there was an exception for her husband, an exception required by her need to ride his coattails to power, just as Hollywood excused Weinstein because he could advance or kill the careers of those he exploited. Gennifer Flowers, Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones, Kathleen Willey as well as, some would suggest, a cast of thousands, have been groped, fondled, and used as sexual objects by one William Jefferson Clinton. Was Hillary appalled and shocked at her husband\u2019s predatory activities or did she blame it on that \u201cvast right-wing conspiracy\u201d? And then there\u2019s Juanita Broaddrick, who has accused President Clinton of rape. Juanita Broaddrick\u2019s story is a credible one, and one of the many \u201c bimbo eruptions\u201d that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton handled during her husband Bill\u2019s presidential campaign As Linda Tripp, confidante of former Clinton intern Monica Lewinsky, told the Daily Mail of how Hillary both enabled and covered up Bill\u2019s many dalliances: Tripp said: 'His political success was largely dependent upon Hillary. He owed her a great deal. As is widely acknowledged, Hillary took care of all the 'bimbo eruptions' of which there were thousands in order to present to the world an electable candidate. 'In this endeavor she was ruthless. She destroyed women so that their stories never saw the light of day.' So much for fighting for women\u2019s rights. At a Trump press conference in 2016, Broaddrick, tired of being accused of being part of that vast right-wing conspiracy, and afraid that her attacker would once again occupy the White House with the woman who orchestrated the attacks on Bill Clinton\u2019s \u201cbimbo eruptions\u201d, repeated her accusation: \u201cActions speak louder than words,\u201d Broaddrick said. \u201cMr. Trump may have said some bad words but Bill Clinton raped me and Hillary Clinton threatened me. I don\u2019t think there\u2019s any comparison.\u201d Broaddrick, who has said Hillary threatened her, appeared with fellow Clinton sexual assault victims Paula Jones and Kathleen Willey appeared in an interview at presidential suite of the historic Watergate and related the taleof Bill\u2019s assaults and their fear of Hillary\u2019s retaliation: In an exclusive video interview at the presidential suite of the historic Watergate Hotel, the victims of Bill Clinton\u2019s alleged sexual assault -- Juanita Broaddrick, Kathleen Willey, and Paula Jones -- got together for the first time in person to express their personal fear of Hillary Clinton and to warn voters that Clinton does not stand for women\u2019s issues. The three women, who say their lives were forever changed by their experiences with the Clintons, used words like \u201cterrified\u201d and \u201cfrightened\u201d to describe their feelings about the prospects of a Hillary Clinton presidency\u2026 \u201cWe were not willing participants,\u201d Broaddrick said. \u201cThese were crimes.\u201d In a separate interview, Broaddrick shared her own story of brutal sexual assault which she says Bill Clinton perpetrated against her. Willey called out NBC News\u2019 Andrea Mitchell and CNN\u2019s Jake Tapper by name, challenging them: \u201cThese are not infidelities. A rape is not an infidelity. These are crimes. Any other people would be in jail\u2026 \u201cThis is no longer about infidelities, indiscretions, girlfriends, sex, interns -- none of those. This is about a serial rapist, a predator, and his wife who has enabled his behavior all of these years.\u201d Later in this interview, Jones, Willey, and Broaddrick expressed fear at how a potential President Hillary Clinton would use the power of her office. \u201cIt terrifies me and it should terrify all women,\u201d Jones stated about Hillary\u2019s presidential ambitions. \u201cIt should terrify all men and women,\u201d Willey added. \u201cShe will annihilate any enemy. All of her enemies. Anybody who has spoken against her. Across the board for I don\u2019t know how many years. She will get rid of them.\u201d \u201cNo woman who advocates for women attacks the victims of sexual assault be it by her husband or anybody else,\u201d said Willey. The women argued that the term \u201cenabler\u201d best describes Hillary Clinton\u2019s role in her husband\u2019s alleged sexual crimes. Harvey Weinstein and Bill Clinton \u2013 sexual predators separated at birth. Hillary and Hollywood knew them and their activities full well and tolerated them for similar reasons. We should be appalled, if not shocked, at their craven hypocrisy as both have waged a sick and depraved and very real war on women. Daniel John Sobieskiis a freelance writer whose pieces have appeared in Investor\u2019s Business Daily, Human Events, Reason Magazine and the Chicago Sun-Times among other publications.", "label": 1, "id": 593}
{"text": "Date: 3rd August 2017 at 11:23am Written by: James Forrest On the morning following an excellent Champions League game, what do you know? The Daily Record has yet another story linking Celtic fans to extremism, and this one is as bent looking as it\u2019s possible to be. Today they are featuring a \u201cCeltic fan\u201d who sent a \u201cbomb threat\u201d to Ibrox with an ISIS twist. On Twitter. And it doesn\u2019t take much to knock this story on its ass. This \u201cperson\u201d joined Twitter in July this year. He or she has a grand total of 59 followers and follows a grand total of 125. This is the textbook definition of a complete non-story; if this person exists at all The Record has elevated them beyond utter irrelevance and used them to beat the rest of our support. I would suggest this story has been manufactured. I had a look at this Twitter twat\u2019s timeline; he is a clown. He rants about various subjects in the kind of pre-school language Twitter is full of. The Record knows full well this is an idiot with a few fried brain cells, but I said the other day that an agenda is being pursued here and this is another demonstration of it. To have blown a tweet by a complete nobody off Twitter into a story that smears the Celtic support as a whole is an act of malevolence against our club, and as per usual with that arse-rag the story is so weak that no-one wants to stand their own name beside it. It carries the standard appellation for a story which is Utter Mince; \u201cDaily Record Online Reporter\u201d \u2013 or Daily Record Shit-Stirring Troll, a far more accurate description. Basically, a clown whose job is to scour Twitter and Facebook for any anti-Celtic angle they can find. I know nobody in our support still reads this gutter-rag \u2026 I still do not understand why anyone from our club is willing to talk to its \u201cjournalists\u201d or entertain their presence at our ground. This publication does not wish us well, I cannot put it more bluntly than that. The paper claims to have reported this \u201cincident\u201d to Police Scotland. Talk about wasting police time. Hiding a blatant smear job behind civic virtue \u2026 a new low even for them.", "label": 0, "id": 538}
{"text": "Disgraceful. Colin Kaepernick is one of the most divisive players to have ever played in the NFL, on the back of his stance against police brutality last year, and his refusal to stand during pre-game national anthems as a result. Criticism rained down on the former San Francisco 49ers Quarterback for his actions, but he also won support aplenty from fellow athletes and onlookers for his social justice stance. The 29-year-old is currently unemployed because of his actions, however, and NFL clubs are reluctant to touch him because of the publicity that his protests attract. Speak out and you're damned, so it goes. Kaepernick is one of the most courageous sports stars in the world, and should be lauded for not accepting what others know is wrong, but keep their mouths shut anyway. Instead, despite being one of the best quarterbacks in the game, he doesn't have a club. US president Donald Trump was speaking at a rally in Alabama on Friday night when he took declining NFL TV ratings to task, going on to claim that the lack of physicality in the game was a reason for this. Then he turned his attention to the Milwaukee man's tendency to kneel during national anthems, and without mentioning by name, referred to him as a \"son of a bitch.\" \u201cWouldn\u2019t you love to see one of these NFL Owners, when someone disrespects our flag to say, \u2018get that son of a bitch off the field right now, he\u2019s fired, he\u2019s fired,\u201d Trump said to the crowd. . trump taking a veiled shot at colin kaepernick, says owner should say: \"get that sonofabitch off the field right now. he's fired!\" pic.twitter. 0VrPG \u2014 fake nick ramsey (@nick_ramsey) September 23, 2017 \u201cYou know, some owner is going to do that. He\u2019s gonna say, \u2018that guy disrespects our flag, he\u2019s fired.\u2019 And that owner, they don\u2019t know it. They don\u2019t know it. They\u2019re friends of mine, many of them. They don\u2019t know it. They\u2019ll be the most popular person for a week. They\u2019ll be the most popular person in the country.\u201d It really is amazing just how brainwashed Trump's following is, and many of them were celebrating these comments like they were gospel, just like his own son was. Love this: @realDonaldTrump on NFL players disrespecting our : \"get that son of a bitch off the field right now - YOU'RE FIRED!\" \u2014 Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) September 23, 2017 There are still sane people out there, and Kaepernick's mother Teresa spoke of her pride at her son's actions, as did many more. A nation is people, not a symbol. A protest for the eradication of racism that violates millions of those people is not disrespect. 4hAEz \u2014 Be A King (@BerniceKing) September 23, 2017 Smh &amp; all because @Kaepernick7 is exercising his right as an American citizen to protest. \u2014 Bishop Sankey (@BishopSankey) September 23, 2017 Guess that makes me a proud bitch! \u2014 Teresa Kaepernick (@B4IleaveU) September 23, 2017 The war goes on.", "label": 1, "id": 33}
{"text": "General Election Presidential Primary Mrs. Clinton said Senator Bernie Sanders has been a \u201clargely very reliable supporter\u201d of the National Rifle Association. Hillary Clinton said \u201cof course\u201d she would sign legislation raising the federal minimum wage to $15 an hour. Mrs. Clinton said more guns brought into New York and used in crimes come from Vermont, on a per capita basis, than any other state. Senator Bernie Sanders said Hillary Clinton has received significant contributions from the fossil fuel industry. \"If you look back to Iowa, Ted did change his view and his stance on ethanol quite a bit.\" Gov. John Kasich said he would pressure China to use its influence on its neighbor North Korea, resist its aggression in the South China Sea and strengthen United States capabilities to fight Chinese cyberhacking. Marco Rubio said that the political and human-rights situation in Cuba had worsened since President Obama made his diplomatic opening to the island. Donald J. Trump said he would \"listen to the generals\" in deciding how many troops to commit to the battle against ISIS -- and the numbers he is hearing are 20,0 to 30,0. Ted Cruz said Hillary Clinton, like Donald Trump, expresses a desire to be neutral between the Israelis and Palestinians. Trump: \"G.D.P. was zero, essentially, for the last two quarters.\" Marco Rubio says that most green cards are granted on the basis of family relationships. \"We're going to have to make changes in Social Security.\" Mr. Kasich said he held 200 town hall-style meetings in New Hampshire. Mr. Trump said the families of some Sept. 11 hijackers were allowed to leave the U.S. days before the attacks. Mr. Cruz claimed Donald J. Trump repeatedly donated to Mrs. Clinton, writing several checks to her presidential campaign eight years ago. \"Every other country we do business with, we are getting absolutely crushed on trade.\" Mr. Rubio said two-thirds of the votes cast in the Republican primaries and caucuses to date have gone against Donald J. Trump. Mr. Trump says he has beaten Hillary Clinton in many general election polls. Mr. Kasich said he was the only candidate to mention jobs at last week\u2019s Republican debate. Mr. Rubio said Donald J. Trump received draft deferments because he had injuries from playing squash. Mr. Trump said the Canadian border is about four times as long as the Mexican border. Mr. Trump said he never advocated for the United States to topple Libya's Muammar el-Qaddafi. Democratic-appointed Supreme Court justices always stay Democratic; not so for Republicans. Mr. Rubio says Obamacare \"is not just a bad health care law. It is a job-killing law.\" Mr. Rubio said Donald J. Trump criticized Mitt Romney\u2019s use of the term \u201cself-deportation.\u201d Donald J. Trump funded the \"Gang of Eight\" senators who forged immigration legislation. Mr. Trump said Ted Cruz does not have the endorsement of a single Republican senator. Mr. Trump said he used foreign workers at his Palm Beach club because Americans don't want temporary jobs in Florida. Mr. Trump says we are \"losing $500 billion a year\" to China. Donald J. Trump suggested he was not soliciting campaign contributions. Mr. Cruz says Donald J. Trump has contributed to John Kerry, Hillary Clinton, Chuck Schumer and Harry Reid. Mr. Cruz said Marco Rubio told Univision that \"he would not rescind President Obama's illegal executive amnesty on his first day in office.\" \"We have in Social Security right now thousands and thousands of people that are over 106 years old. Now, you know they don't exist.\" \"It's been over 80 years since a lame-duck president has appointed a Supreme Court justice.\" \"The Constitution actually doesn't address that particular situation.\" Mr. Sanders said that none of the Republican presidential candidates believe that climate change is real. Waterboarding \u201cdoes not meet the generally recognized definition of torture.\u201d Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Sanders voted in 1998 for a resolution favoring regime change in Iraq. Mr. Sanders suggested that Mrs. Clinton was not welcoming to child immigrants from Central America. \u201cMarco Rubio has gone on Univision and said in Spanish, \u2018No, no, no, I wouldn\u2019t rescind amnesty.\u2019\u201d Mr. Christie said a nurse quarantined during the Ebola outbreak had symptoms. North Korea's new missile launch \"is the direct result of the failures of the first Clinton administration.\" \"Right now, we're the highest-taxed country in the world.\" Mr. Trump tried to use eminent domain to take an older woman's home. Mr. Christie said President Obama was in favor of paying ransom for hostages. Mr. Cruz said his campaign mistakenly spread the word that Ben Carson was quitting the race because of a CNN report. Mr. Christie said Marco Rubio did not vote for his own Hezbollah sanctions act. Mr. Rubio said New Jersey's credit rating had been downgraded nine times during Gov. Chris Christie's tenure. \"When you ran against Senator Obama, you thought him na\u00efve because he thought it was a good idea to talk to our enemies.\" \"Almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent.\" Mrs. Clinton said Bernie Sanders's vote against \"Ted Kennedy's immigration reform\" in 2007 was not progressive. Mrs. Clinton says that experts agree that her Wall Street reforms are the toughest. \u201cMillions of Americans have lost their jobs\u201d because of President Obama\u2019s health care law. Mr. Rubio said Hillary Clinton \u201cwants to put Barack Obama on the Supreme Court of the United States of America.\u201d Chris Christie said New Jersey\u2019s job growth in 2015 was the best in the past 15 years. Marco Rubio said that other countries would go along when he ripped up the Iran deal. Chris Christie said neighbors of the San Bernardino attackers knew of their plans. Cap-and-trade emissions regulations would \"destroy our economy.\" The average worker \"has lost $4,0 in the last seven years of his income because of this administration.\" Ted Cruz says he would carpet bomb the Islamic State, which Obama has failed to do because he has weakened the military. \"My voting record in the Senate, during my years, is almost 90 percent, which is significantly higher than Barack Obama's or Hillary Clinton's was when they were running for president.\" \"The leader of Goldman Sachs is a billionaire who comes to Congress and tells us we should cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.\" Senator Bernie Sanders said that the United States must transform its energy system away from fossil fuels and toward energy-efficiency and sustainable energy. \"I've got the most comprehensive legislation in the Senate to do that,\" he said. Hillary Clinton said Senator Bernie Sanders called President Obama \u201cweak\u201d and \u201cdisappointing,\u201d and, in 2011, \u201cpublicly sought someone to run in a primary\u201d against him. Hillary Clinton said that, because of the Affordable Care Act, \"We now have driven costs down to the lowest they've been in 50 years.\" Senator Bernie Sanders said the United States spends almost three times more than the British on health care. Senator Bernie Sanders said 29 million people in the United States do not have health insurance. Donald J. Trump said he never suggested imposing a 45 percent tariff on Chinese goods. Donald J. Trump asserted that China, by manipulating its currency, has cost the United States \"millions and millions of jobs.\" Senator Marco Rubio said President Obama had played down the threat of the Islamic State, which practices \"genocide against Christians and Yazidis and others in the region.\" Gov. Chris Christie said President Obama and Hillary Clinton failed to enforce a red line in threatening to use military force if President Bashar al-Assad of Syria used chemical weapons against his own people. And he said Mrs. Clinton called Mr. Assad a reformer. Jeb Bush said he would move the United States embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem as a signal to Iran. Gov. Chris Christie said he did not support President Obama's nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the United States Supreme Court. Mr. Kasich said wages have not climbed \u201cbecause the Federal Reserve kept interest rates so low.\u201d Discussing his eligibility to be president, Mr. Cruz recalled that in September, Donald J. Trump \"said that he had had his lawyers look at this from every which way, and there was no issue there.\" Mr. Cruz said he disclosed bank loans that he obtained for his 2012 Senate campaign with the Senate, but his failure to disclose them to federal elections officials was just a paperwork error. \"We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977.\" \u201cI never believed Edward Snowden was a good public servant the way that Ted Cruz once said, that he had done a public service for America.\u201d Asked about his proposal for a 45 percent tariff on Chinese goods, Mr. Trump said, \"I don't even know where the 45 percent came from.\" Mrs. Clinton said legislation that Bernie Sanders supported in 2005 forbids all lawsuits against gun makers and sellers. Mr. Rubio accused Chris Christie of having a record similar to President Obama's on issues like education, gun control and abortion. Mr. Christie said the murder rate had increased by 18 percent in Chicago and 11 percent in New York. Mr. Trump raised questions about whether Ted Cruz was eligible to be president because he was born in Canada. \u201cI'm one of the few of the candidates that actually shows up to vote. Both Cruz and Rubio are missing the vast majority of their votes.\u201d \u201cVladimir Putin is a person who has killed. He\u2019s jailed and murdered journalists, political opponents. He bombed an apartment building as a pretext to attack the Chechens. He is responsible for the downing of that Malaysian airliner over Ukraine, because he provided the antiaircraft weaponry that was used for that.\u201d \u201cOur country is falling apart, frankly. Our infrastructure is a disaster. Our bridges are falling down. Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in danger.\u201d Mrs. Clinton said Donald J. Trump \u201cis becoming ISIS\u2019 best recruiter. They are going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists.\u201d \u201cSenator Sanders voted against the Brady Bill. Senator Sanders voted to give immunity to gun dealers. And Senator Sanders voted against even research dollars to look into this public health issue.\u201d Mr. Sanders said he voted against the Iraq war because of his opposition to unilateral action. \u201cI have never supported legalization\u201d for undocumented immigrants. \u201cThere were numerous people, including the mother, that knew what was going on. They saw pipe bombs sitting all over the floor. They saw ammunition all over the place.\u201d \u201cOn September 10th, 2001, I was named chief federal prosecutor in New Jersey.\u201d Mr. Cruz\u2019s characterizations of his vote on the USA Freedom Act, which expanded N.S.A. surveillance \u201cso we now have cellphones\u201d and other data. \"Do you know how many illegal aliens George W. Bush deported? 10 million.\" \"When I stand across from King Hussein of Jordan, I say to him, 'You have a friend again, sir, who will stand with you to fight this fight,' he'll change his mind.\" Mrs. Fiorina said Stanley A. McChrystal and David H. Petraeus were \"retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn\u2019t want to hear.\" Mr. Rubio said the Islamic State took root because of Bashar al-Assad's decision to bomb his own people, and because of President Obama's unwillingness to arm the rebel groups. Mrs. Fiorina said Silicon Valley companies \u201cdo not need to be forced, they need to be asked\u201d to help law enforcement get access to encrypted data. Rand Paul on Marco Rubio: \u201cHe is the one for an open border that is leaving us defenseless.\u201d At Hewlett-Packard, Mrs. Fiorina said she provided equipment to assist the National Security Agency. Mr. Trump said he \u201ccertainly would never have made that horrible, disgusting, absolutely incompetent deal with Iran, where they get $150 billion. They're a terrorist nation.\u201d \u201cOne of the first things I do in terms of executive order if I win will be to sign a strong, strong statement\u201d that \u201canybody killing a police officer \u2014 death penalty.\u201d \u201cI am self-funding my own campaign. I have no people giving me money.\u201d A poll asserting that 25 percent of Muslim Americans condone acts of violence against other Americans was from a \u201cvery highly respected group of people.\u201d \u201cI watched when the World Trade Center came tumbling down. And I watched in Jersey City, New Jersey, where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as that building was coming down.\u201d Ted Cruz was \u201cpart of that coalition that worked with the Democrats like Chuck Schumer and the A.C.L.U. to harm our intelligence programs.\u201d \u201cI said Osama bin Laden is going to come and do damage to us. And nobody believed it.\u201d Mr. O'Malley said parents and students were being charged 7% to 8% interest on government-backed college loans. Mrs. Clinton said she introduced legislation to rein in executive compensation on Wall Street. Mrs. Clinton said that wages, when adjusted for inflation, have been stagnant since the end of the Clinton administration. Mr. Sanders said the United States is spending hundreds of billions of dollars to maintain 5,0 nuclear weapons. \u201cI got to know him very well because we were both on \u201860 Minutes,\u2019\u201d Mr. Trump said, referring to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia Mrs. Fiorina said she met President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia \u201cnot in a green room for a show, but in a private meeting.\u201d Mr. Paul says that if you want to live in a city with lower inequality, you live in a city with a Republican mayor. Dwight D. Eisenhower \u201cmoved a million and a half illegal immigrants out of this country.\u201d \u201cIf we were serious about it, we would raise the capital requirements.\u201d Mr. Trump said the United States was better off letting Russia and its president, Vladimir V. Putin, confront the Islamic State. Mr. Trump complained that the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal did nothing about currency manipulation, which is a key problem with China.", "label": 0, "id": 364}
{"text": "The line of Republican cowards attempting to curry favor with Donald Trump stretches out the door, around the building, down the block, through the next door overflow room, and extends up to space, where it circles around the moon like Dr Manhattan. There's sniveling turdface Ted Cruz, who, among other things, listened to Trump call his wife ugly and his dad a traitor and a murderer. There's J Crew crewneck used to wipe pig vomit off of a misspelled yield sign Paul Ryan, who Trump has basically played the one-way dozens with for three years. And of course there's Most Racist Cracker Barrel Manager Ever Jefferson Sessions, who's remained mute as a Nazi church mouse as Trump continues to drink his milkshake on Twitter every day. But none of these cowards compare to the cowardice standard exhibited by John McCain; whose cowardice is legion and legendary, massive and magnificent. It's been only two years since Darth Cheeto \u2014 who was then still just Anakin Skyrapist \u2014 doubted McCain's war hero bonafides and added (quite humorously, I must admit) \"I like people that weren\u2019t captured.\" And now, here's McCain jumping out of his government-funded death futon to deny government-funded death futons to other sick people, all to support a President who disrespected the fuck out of him and whose only substantive agenda and platform is to erase everything the preceding President did. Again, Washington is full of cowards. But what makes McCain's cowardice special is that his whole entire personal and political brand is bravery. Well, \"bravery.\" You expect people like Ted Cruz and Paul Ryan to be rats. But John McCain has created, attached himself to, and submerged himself in this maverick narrative; that he's somehow different from the rest of those craven motherfuckers. That he does what he does, but does what he does with integrity. And this story only exists and has been able to persist because he was a bad pilot. His \"bravery\" is to bravery what Arby's \"roast beef\" is to roast beef. Fuck him.", "label": 1, "id": 635}
{"text": "Officials familiar with the situation say that NATO has agreed to join the US-led anti-ISIS coalition on an alliance level, with indications that Germany and France were the last nations to agree to the formal move, which will be announced during the Brussels summit. All NATO members are already individually members of the anti-ISIS coalition, and diplomats say that the move will have no actual consequence, and seemingly is being done just for the sake of a \u201cpurely symbolic\u201d gesture during President Trump\u2019s visit. President Trump has always been keen to bring NATO deeper into the ISIS war, of course, and has made a big deal about NATO\u2019s obsolescence because it wasn\u2019t formed specifically to deal with terrorism, claiming in April that \u201c back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism.\u201d While shortly after his election most NATO officials were just attacking Trump for being too \u201cpro-Russia,\u201d recently they seem to be eager to please him, so long as it only requires symbolic actions that won\u2019t amount to anything. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz", "label": 0, "id": 119}
{"text": "Surprisingly a lot of people are standing with Colin Kaepernick in his decision not to stand during the national anthem, \"calling the Star Spangled Banner \"weak\" and saying that he doesn't truly love the song. Here is what he had to say on twitter: For those defending the current anthem, do you really truly love that song? I don't and I'm very good at singing it. Like, one of the best He continued to add: My vote is for America the Beautiful. Star spangled banner is a weak song anyway. And then you read this. 62FAbxj \u2014 John Legend (@johnlegend) August 30, 2016 John Legend linked to an article titled, \"Colin Kaepernick Is Righter Than You Know: The National Anthem Is A Celebration Of Slavery\" The article makes the arguement that an unsung verse of the Francis Scott Key poem is a moral \"atrocity.\" The author claims the end of the rarely sung third verse \"literally celebrated the murder of African-Americans.\" The verse reads: No refuge could save the hireling and slave From the terror of flight or the gloom of the grave, And the star-spangled banner in triumph doth wave O\u2019er the land of the free and the home of the brave. @johnlegend not sure why it's turned into a battle over the lyrics of our anthem. The lyrics were never Colin's argument in the first place \u2014 Lindsey (@Lindsey50783746) August 30, 2016 All of John Legend's tweets were made in support of the 49ers quarterback who refused to stand while the national anthem was being played during a preseason game. Kaepernick said that his sitd own was for \"people that are being oppressed\" and he'll end the protest when \"I feel like that flag represents what it's supposed to represent.\"", "label": 0, "id": 250}
{"text": "From Israel\u2019s prime minister down to the lowliest clerk, from the Commander in Chief down to the lowest ranking officer, from the Mossad down to the police by way of the Shabak \u2013 since 1994, everyone has been chanting the same mantra about peace with Jordan. The prevalent reasoning is that peace with Jordan is Israel\u2019s most important strategic resource for the following reasons: 1.Security: The 500-kilometer border between Israel and Jordan is Israel\u2019s longest border with another country, reaching from Hamat Gader and the Yarmouk River in the north down to Eilat in the south. Jordan makes sure the border is quiet along its entire length and prevents hostile forces from approaching it and continuing west into Israel. If not for the peace declared between the two states, Israel would have to keep large forces along the border to guard it against infiltration. Israel sees the very existence of Jordan to its east as a security asset in itself because Jordan acts as a buffer zone between the Jewish state and the violent chaos in Iraq, Syria, and Iran. There is full cooperation between the Jordanian and Israeli armies, including visits by officers, the handing over of information, and coordinated activity along the border, under the assumption that radical groups are a shared enemy. In exchange for this, it is said, Israel played a part in guarding Jordan\u2019s northern and eastern borders during the years 2014-16, the period when ISIS posed a threat to Jordan. 2. Jordan is the second Arab nation to have signed a peace treaty with Israel, proving that Israel can find itself accepted in the Middle East as a sustainable country with whom former enemies can make peace by rethinking their previous positions. This could occur despite the August 1967 Khartoum Arab summit where it was declared that the Arab nations would not recognize Israel, would not negotiate with Israel and would not make peace with it. King Hussein of Jordan was a party to these decisions but carried on negotiations with Israel, recognized it and signed a peace treaty, as did Egypt before him. The obvious conclusion is that any Arab nation can do the same, making peace with Jordan a significant accomplishment, 3. There is a wide array of cooperative ties between Israel and Jordan, mostly in the economic sphere. Three issues are involved: a. Israel has a multi-billion dollar contract with Jordan according to which it sells gas extracted from Israel\u2019s Mediterranean gas fields to Jordan\u2019s electricity company; b. Israel recognized \u201cQualified Industrial Zones\u201d in which Israeli funds are invested, Jordanians are employed and Americans are the buyers, providing employment for thousands of Jordanian families; c. cooperative ventures such as the Water Canal, tourism, flights, trade, and academia \u2013 thousands of Israeli Arab students attend Jordanian Universities and their degrees are recognized in Israel. In exchange for recognition, Israel granted the Hashemite Kingdom, and especially its king, special status in the Jerusalem sites considered holy by Islam, mainly the al Aqsa Mosque, giving Hussein and his son Abdullah today, a significant stamp of approval in the Islamic world. This stamp of approval is especially important in granting much-needed legitimacy to the Hashemite Kingdom. The Palestinian majority and even some Bedouin groups question that legitimacy, since the Hashemites are not originally Jordanian, having come from the western section of the Arabian Peninsula, Hijaz, where the two Islamic holy cities of Mecca and Medina are located. The British gave the Transjordan Emirate to Abdullah I, great grandfather of today\u2019s Abdullah. He is considered a foreign transplant, giving rise to questions of legitimate rule, and the special status at al Aqsa is intended to give him a shot of legitimacy, stabilizing his regime. The king pays the salaries of hundreds of Jerusalem Waqf officials. Another payment Israel took upon itself is the handing over of 50 million cubic meters of drinkable water to Jordan every year. The plan was to bring this water from the Sea of Galilee, but the drought of the last few years has lowered the level of the water in the lake, so Israel has substituted expensive desalinated water instead. Jordanian agriculture in the Jordan Valley is made possible in part because of this Israeli water. All the points raised here give Israel the feeling that the peace agreement with Jordan is successful, certainly more successful than the one with Egypt, with whom there is much less cooperation on non-security related issues. Israel\u2019s payment for this by handing over water and securing Jordan\u2019s status in Jerusalem is one Israel can handle in exchange for the premise that peace with Jordan serves Israeli interests. All the parties to Israel\u2019s government are united in supporting the maintenance of peace with Jordan at all costs. Where did we go wrong? The first and main point is that Israel ignores the fact that the peace agreement is totally dependent on the continuation of the illegitimate Hashemite dynasty. In 1994 that meant Hussein, today it is Abdullah II, but the future is unclear because there are quite a few people in Jordan and outside it who see Abdullah as the last Hashemite monarch. What comes next? There are several possible answers to that query, ranging from a military junta made up of local Bedouin ruling the various populations, on to a civil war that leads to the country splitting in two, with a Palestinian state rising in the northwestern part of the country where there is a Palestinian Arab majority. It is no secret that the Palestinian majority in Jordan is opposed to the peace treaty with Israel. One reason is the recognition a treaty grants Israel and another is the fact that it does not include the so-called \u201cright of return\u201d of the 1948 refugees to within Israeli borders, including compensation for the possessions they left behind them and the years of suffering they underwent in refugee camps. The Palestinian majority in Jordan feels no commitment to the peace agreement; it was signed by King Hussein, not by them. For this reason, most of the professional associations in Jordan \u2013 lawyers, journalists, doctors and others \u2013 do not allow their members to partner with Israelis. Most of their members are Palestinian Arabs who see the peace agreement as the result of the king\u2019s betrayal of their cause. The peace agreement upon which Israel and Jordan are signed and everything Israel has paid, is paying and is willing to pay to preserve and guard that peace will be utterly worthless the day a rebellion breaks out against the king, or some assassin or suicide bomber, G-d forbid, succeeds in killing him. The house of cards Israel built around him will collapse instantaneously, the peace agreement and any others signed in its wake will become fond memories. Whoever takes the king\u2019s place will restart the process and expect Israel to pay even more than it had originally paid \u2013 that is, if the country remains united. If that new leader is a Palestinian Arab, the price will entail the return of a significant number of 1948 refugees to the state of Israel, not to the Palestinian State that may exist by then. The king knows full well that the possibility that he could be assassinated by a Palestinian Arab, as his great grandfather was in 1951 in Jerusalem, is not far-fetched. That is the reason his armed bodyguards are not Arabs, but members of the Circassian ethnic minority who stem from the Caucasian Mountain region and do not have their eyes on the throne, meaning that they are not suspected of planning to murder the king or poison his food. The king\u2019s mistrust of the Palestinian Arabs, who make up the majority of his subjects, has led him to keep them out of the armed forces, police, foreign ministry and especially from internal security organizations and intelligence. There are several Palestinian Arabs in the government and parliament who serve as token representatives, but the majority of them know exactly what the Hashemites think of the majority of Jordan\u2019s citizenry, those who define themselves as Palestinians \u2013 never calling themselves Jordanians because that is used for Bedouin, viewed as lower class by the Palestinians, who are farmers and city dwellers. The Palestinian Arabs in Jordan are the economic engine of the country. They make up most of the merchants, manufacturers, businessmen, lawyers, accountants, academics, journalists, arts and media personalities, and they generally avoid contact with Israel and Israelis. They conduct a consistent and strict boycott of Israel. The king respects their position for two reasons: One, he has no way to force the peace agreement upon them, and two, he is quite content to show Israel that the peace agreement is not secure because of Palestinian opposition, allowing him to demand more and more from Israel in order to guard its interests and keep the king in power. The cost of the peace agreement with Israel is prohibitive. First, Israel respects the status it granted the kingdom in Jerusalem, even though there is no precedent in the entire world for a sovereign state granting another country special rights in its capital city on that state\u2019s most holy site. In 1994, when this was decided during the peace talks, Israel wasn\u2019t worried about Hussein who hated Arafat and agreed with Israel that there must never be a Palestinian state. The status Israel granted him on the Temple Mount was in order to prevent Arafat and the Islamic Movement from taking over the site. King Abdullah II has turned Jordanian policy around and is an ardent supporter of the establishment of a Palestinian state in Judea and Samaria., one that will be able to look over at Israel and threaten it with missiles and short range mortars that hit from Dimona and Beer Sheva in the south, up along the coastal plain from Ashkelon, the Ashdod port, greater Tel Aviv, Ben Gurion airport, to Haifa and its port and all the way to Afula and Beit She\u2019an. Long range weapons will threaten all the rest of Israel. Abdullah is actively creating a strategic threat to the state of Israel that will most probably be ruled by Hamas, which won most of the seats in the Palestinian legislature in 2006 and led a violent takeover of Gaza in 2007. Abdullah would like to see these scenarios repeat themselves, a most realistic possibility. King Abdullah displayed his hostility towards Israel poverty in two recent events. This past March he freed the Jordanian soldier who, in cold blood, murdered seven school girls from Beit Shemesh in 1997 as they took part in a class trip to the \u201cPeace Island\u201d (!) in Naharayim. His father, King Hussein, came to pay a condolence visit to the families in Beit Shemesh, while his son lets the murderer go free. What price did he pay for this slap in the face to Israel? Zilch. Nothing. Jordan acts against Israel as a matter of course in international circles, especially UNESCO and the UN Human Rights Council, two places that constantly attempt to delegitimize Israel. Jordan encourages and pushes for the decisions that deny Jewish tradition in Jerusalem, undermining the historical and religious foundations for the existence of the Jewish State. This is meant to spread the feeling to the world that Israel\u2019s establishment is a result of British colonialism, one that must be canceled so that \u201cFalestin\u201d is restored to its \u201chistorical owners\u201d \u2013 the Palestinians. Abdullah, like the Palestinian Arabs, thinks that if he succeeds in removing Jerusalem from the State of Israel, the resulting demoralization will send the Jews packing. Establishing a Palestinian Arab state that will threaten Israel\u2019s security and destroy the Jewish state, is the strategic objective of King Abdullah because it will prevent a Palestinian State from arising in Jordan. If a Palestinian state is created in the hills of Judea and Samaria, the king intends to get rid of all the Palestinian refugees who entered Jordan in the 1948 war, about one and a half million people, plus several hundred thousand who entered Jordan over the last seventy years. A demographic pressure in the Palestinian state will become terrorist pressure that turns life in Israel into Hell \u2013 exactly what Abdullah wants. He coordinates his activities with Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas, seeing eye to eye with them on the main goal \u2013 destroying Israel in order to save the Hashemite Kingdom from becoming a nation of Palestinians. We would do well to remember what most of us have long forgotten: The clueless group of irresponsible Israeli politicians who gave Jordan its unconditional and unlimited special status in Jerusalem is the same group whose idiotic policies brought terrorist Arafat back from the garbage bin of politicians in Tunisia and granted him the closest thing to a state, The stars of this stellar group included Shimon Peres, Yossi Beilin, and Alon Liel, who dragged Yitzchak Rabin into the most dangerous political trap, endangering the continued existence of the State of Israel. Jordan today, it must be concluded, is working non-stop on the cover of its peace treaty with Israel to destroy the Jewish State and create a Palestinian one instead. What is worse is that Israel refuses to admit to the situation and continues most carefully to keep the agreement, hoping calm will prevail along the border until the next elections. Every politician knows that if during his term, relations with Jordan deteriorate, the media \u2013 our shallow, slanted and agenda-ridden media \u2013 will accuse him of being the cause of the agreement\u2019s nullification, making him pay the price for the next round of elections. That is why politicians bolster up the temporary tactical quiet, ignoring the strategic threat to the very existence of the state posed by the peace agreement. If Israel\u2019s leaders felt endangered by the actions of Abdullah, they would do something to prevent his destructive activities, cleverly disguised as military and economic cooperation. The problem is that in their view, short term tactical advantages are preferable to attending to strategic problems that affect the long term. We are all going to pay a high price for this way of running things on the part of Israel\u2019s decision makers \u2013 as can be seen by the security equipment crisis last month in Jerusalem. King Hussein was all for Israel\u2019s continued existence and did not question Jerusalem \u2018s status. That\u2019s why peace with him was positive in general. His son Abdullah changed his father\u2019s strategy and works tirelessly to create a Palestinian state on the ruins of the destroyed Jewish one. Now that King Abdullah\u2019s nefarious scheme has been revealed, Israel must rethink its Jordanian route and work to create a Palestinian Arab state in all or part of Jordan, since the majority of the people there are Palestinian Arabs. The alternative is establishing a Palestinian state on Israeli territory with its capital in Eastern Jerusalem, a strategic danger to Israel. There is no reason that the Jewish people, who returned to its land after 20 years of exile, should pay with its very existence for the survival of the Hashemites brought by the British from Hijaz to rule the most artificial country in the world \u2013 Jordan. Reprinted with author\u2019s permission from Israel National News", "label": 1, "id": 223}
{"text": "House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-California, thinks \u201cmuch too much\u201d has been made of Hillary Clinton\u2019s statement to the FBI that she did did not know that the \u201c(C)\u201c markings on her emails meant and speculated that they referred to \u201cparagraphs marked in alphabetical order.\u201d Pelosi was asked by CBS News\u2019 Josh Elliott whether Americans should be concerned that Clinton said she didn\u2019t know what the markings meant. \u201cI think they shouldn\u2019t be that concerned,\u201d she said on \u201cCBS This Morning.\u201d \u201cI think that the secretary of state deals with a large number of issues -- 30,0 emails -- we\u2019re talking about a few that may have been marked \u2018confidential.\u2019 \u2018Classified.\u2019 and \u2018secret\u2019 and \u2018highly sensitive\u2019 is where it becomes more problematic.\u201d \u201cThe fact is that whatever it was that Hillary Clinton dealt with in that manner had no threat to our security,\u201d Pelosi continued, \u201cand I think that too much has been made of this.\u201d The attention being paid to the issue, she called \u201ca distraction\u201d from Congress\u2019 unfinished business. Congress returns this week for a brief session before the November elections. There are two things it must get done -- prevent the government from shutting down on Oct. 1 by passing a short-term spending bill and provide funding for the fight against the Zika virus. The House minority leader complained that the president had asked for the resources to fight Zika in February, but \u201cnot one cent has been appropriated by Congress.\u201d Zika funding has been held up because Democrats and Republicans have been fighting over how much to allocate to stop the virus, whether the money should be taken from anti-Ebola efforts, and they\u2019re also arguing about funding for contraceptive measures. Pelosi said Republicans were rejecting anything that has to do with reproduction in the bill. Zika, which has been linked to birth defects, is transmitted by mosquitoes, and by sexual contact.", "label": 0, "id": 319}
{"text": "Steve Bannon hired Bill Burck, a co-managing partner of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart &amp; Sullivan LLP's Washington, D.C., office, who also represented Don McGahn and Reince Priebus. (AP Brandon) Steve Bannon, the former White House chief strategist, has hired a lawyer as he prepares to appear before the House Intelligence Committee as part of its investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 election, according to a report. Bannon hired Bill Burck, a co-managing partner of Quinn Emanuel Urquhart &amp; Sullivan LLP\u2019s Washington, D.C., office, according to The Daily Beast. White House counsel Don McGahn and former White House chief of staff Reince Priebus hired Burck in September to represent them in special counsel Robert Mueller\u2019s investigation into Russian meddling and possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia. Bannon is scheduled to testify before the House Intelligence Committee next week. Sources told The Daily Beast the former chief strategist intends to \u201cfully cooperate.\u201d Bannon was hired as chief executive of the Trump campaign in August 2016 and was tapped by President Trump to serve as White House chief strategist. He left his post there in August 2017 and returned to Breitbart News as its executive chairman. But, Bannon and Breitbart parted ways earlier this week amid a spat between President Trump and his former chief strategist. Bannon made derogatory comments about the president and his family in a new tell-all book, prompting a fiery condemnation from Trump. Though Bannon had previously avoided being swept up in the Russia probe\u2014until the House Intelligence Committee asked last month for him to appear before lawmakers\u2014he had been discussing the probe with Trump behind the scenes.", "label": 0, "id": 619}
{"text": "Former President Barack Obama and former First Lady Michelle Obama have enlisted Chance the Rapper for their first-ever Obama Foundation Summit in Chicago. Taking place Oct. 31 and Nov. 1, the inaugural event is set to bring \u201chundreds of leaders from around the world\u201d together to \u201cexchange ideas, explore creative solutions to common problems and experience civic art, technology and music from around the world,\u201d according to Billboard. In addition to performing, Chano will serve as curator alongside some all-star musical guests, including Gloria Estefan and the National, who will headline. I\u2019m curating a concert on Nov. 1 for the #ObamaSummit. Follow @ObamaFoundation so you don\u2019t miss it. That\u2019d be a terrible thing. \u2014 Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) October 13, 2017 Chance has a rich history with the Obamas. His father once worked for President Obama, while Michelle has publicly praised his $1 million donation to Chicago Public Schools. \u201cChance, I am grateful for everything you\u2019ve done on behalf of our young people back home,\u201d said the former POTUS during a recent concert. \u201cI\u2019m hopeful that everyone who is at the concert today, everybody who is getting involved, everybody who\u2019s been part of the parade, all of you are of the mindset that you can do anything that you want to do, as long as you put your mind to it.\u201d Last year, Chance beamed while discussing his famous supporters, who still resided in the White House at the time. \u201cIf you go up there, you\u2019ll probably hear Coloring Book,\u201d he said. \u201cThis is not a joke at all\u2026Malia [Obama] listens to Coloring Book. And I send them stuff sometimes\u2026Barack was talking about it. Or, uh, President Obama was talking about it.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 339}
{"text": "Former President Barack Obama waves as he departs the East Front of the U.S. Capitol, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017 in Washington after the inauguration of President Donald Trump. (AP Brandon) Dumbfounded that Donald Trump beat his hand-picked successor, Hillary Clinton, as president, former President Barack Obama and a top aide began plotting to \u201cdestroy\u201d the president-elect around Christmas, according to a new book on Democrat efforts to undermine President Trump. What\u2019s more, the goal was to not just damage the Trump presidency but set the Republican president up for impeachment, according to Ed Klein\u2019s latest from Regnery Publishing, All Out War: The Plot to Destroy Trump. It goes on sale tomorrow. In an exclusive excerpt provided to Secrets, Klein described a \"Christmastime\" dinner during which national security adviser Susan Rice pushed plans to \u201cunmask, or disclose, the names of several Trump campaign associates who were mentioned or whose conversations were captured in intelligence intercepts of Russian officials.\u201d Klein, a former New York Times editor who has written several insider accounts critical of the Clintons and Obamas, said that Obama knew of Rice\u2019s efforts to disclose the names in hopes they would leak to the media and spark an investigation. \u201cHe knew Rice wanted to encourage leaks to the Washington Post and the New York Times accusing Trump and his campaign of colluding with Russian President Vladimir Putin in the American presidential election,\u201d Klein wrote. \u201cIf Rice\u2019s plot succeeded \u2014 that is, if it could be proved that Trump had colluded with Putin during the campaign or, later, if it could be proved that he had tried to prevent an investigation into such collusion \u2014 Trump would likely face charges of impeachment,\u201d said the new Klein book. But, he added, Obama didn\u2019t know that his closest aide, Valerie Jarrett, was behind the plot. Rice eventually had to testify to Congress about her actions, and denied leaking Trump campaign and associate names. Klein does not reveal his source other than offering the source as Jarrett\u2019s \u201cfriend.\u201d During the dinner, wrote Klein, first lady Michelle Obama raised concerns that the effort was clearly a political plot to \u201csandbag\u201d Trump. Rice, however, is quoted saying she was worried about national security and she referenced the leaks of Democratic National Committee emails, embarrassing to the Clinton campaign, by Russian sources. She wanted, said the book, to make sure that the alleged links to the Trump campaign and Russia became public before Trump came to office. \u201cShe said she was afraid that once Trump got into the White House, the evidence of collusion would be covered up or destroyed,\u201d wrote Klein. At that point during the dinner, the former first lady, said the book, cautioned that the plot could \u201cbite us in the ass.\u201d As her husband mulled Rice\u2019s plea to unmask the names by lowering security clearances, Jarrett\u2019s \u201cfriend\u201d told Klein, \u201cMost of the time he had to choose between the lesser of two evils. This was an example of such a dilemma. It was clearly unethical to use illegal leaks to sabotage Trump. But Barack could argue that it was his patriotic to duty to draw attention to the possibility that the Trump campaign had conspired with the Russians to influence the outcome of an American election.\u201d At point, his source said, \u201cValerie piped up. \u2018Well,\u2019 she said, \u2018[FBI Director James] Comey thinks Susan\u2019s on to something. He\u2019s investigating whether the Trump campaign cooperated with the Russians. There must be something there.\u2019\u201d Klein concluded, \u201cValerie has a sixth sense how to handle Barack and Michelle. She understood Michelle\u2019s reservations and her desire to protect her husband, and she wanted to give Michelle a chance to vent. But Valerie left no doubt that she was in favor of Barack going along with Susan\u2019s scheme.\u201d Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's \"Washington Secrets\" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com", "label": 1, "id": 616}
{"text": "Now the plan is for arch-Socialist Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren to win the presidency in 2020 for a slightly postponed takeover. (AP Senne) \"There\u2019s something happening here.\" \u2014 Buffalo Springfield, 1967 Every major leftist movement the world has seen has been totalitarian by nature. Occasionally this brand of extremism arises elsewhere along the ideological spectrum, such as Islamo-fascism, but Soviet Russia and Nazi Germany remain the archetypes of the socialist genre of dictatorship among many incarnations which clearly include today\u2019s \u201cliberal Democrats\u201d in the United States. Contemporary liberal Democrats reveal their totalitarian proclivities in many subtle ways, such as support for single-payer healthcare and all other forms of big government, and some that are not so subtle. Recent years have seen a surge in the latter variety. Shouting down conservative speakers on college campuses to silence their views has been ongoing, but now the practice has graduated to violent attacks on speakers and audiences. There is no record of comparable suppression of speech by conservatives. And why is it only the left that abides no dissent from its preferred orthodoxy? The adherents expose through their own behavior that they fear a fair debate of ideas, so they attempt to quell intellectual challenge through brute force\u2014just as all autocrats do. America\u2019s so-called liberal Democrats resort to the most aggressive tactics out of the Saul Alinsky manual, i.e., destroy any threat to the radical agenda. Truth is beside the point to them. To substantiate via illustration of such Stalinist \u201cpolitics of personal destruction,\u201d here are a few examples: (1) Mitt Romney, as 2012 presidential candidate, was Mr. Nice Guy until Democrats got ahold of him. Then the public found out that he had abused his dog, caused an employee to die of cancer, and sadistically imprisoned women in a torture device known as a binder! All this derived from the Obama campaign\u2019s suitably-named \u201c kill Romney\u201d strategy. Of course, candidate Obama\u2019s own personal history was deemed off-limits. Hypocrisy is a familiar trait of leftist totalitarians. (2) Poor George W. Bush. Investigations by three different governmental commissions concluded that he did not lie about weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. If anything, he received the same information worldwide intelligence agencies did about Saddam\u2019s WMD arsenal. Yet \u201cBush lied\u201d was burned into the national consciousness through liberal Democrat propaganda, paving the way for election of a true leftist president. (3) Barack Obama advanced the practice of despotic repression by weaponizing every office of his government for domestic political use. The IRS campaign of terror against conservative groups was only one of the most obnoxious. Richard Nixon received an article of impeachment for much less. (4) The grand master of personal destruction politics was Bill Clinton, who slimed anyone seen as a threat whether James McDougal, Ken Starr, or Juanita Broaddrick. This m.o. was the whole point of the \u201cwar room\u201d of Clinton\u2019s permanent campaign, not to mention Hillary\u2019s \u201cbimbo eruption\" squad. A colorful couple, those Clintons. Hillary, in particular, was a disciple of leftist Saul Alinsky. (5) Currently we have liberal Democrat rioters, following the Occupy Wall Street slow-motion riot. Black Lives Matter extremists demand the murder of police, and the misnamed Antifa ironically lives the fascist ideal of causing mayhem whenever someone utters a thought contrary to liberal Democrat political correctness. After the first violent act by a right-wing fringe fanatic in many years, in Charlottesville, the fake news narrative is that conservatives are the violent ones. In reality, almost all political violence in this country is committed by the far left (for example, a Bernie Sanders-supporting maniac actually attempting to assassinate Republican members of Congress). (6) A telling symptom of the left\u2019s nascent despotism is the public shaming of any entity that disagrees with them, e.g., organizing against businesses that violate leftist dogma by supporting a traditional position. For instance, dare to agree with the view on homosexual marriage held until a few years ago by Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama and you become a target. (Recall Alinsky\u2019s \u201cisolate it, freeze it, personalize it.\u201d) Likewise, the revelations about leftist groups such as the Southern Poverty Law Center demonizing those they disagree with. The left decided long ago to downplay debate over ideas\u2014their ideology having failed empirically all over the world\u2014and to simply use neo-McCarthyist tactics instead. (7) In Animal Farm, some pigs really are more equal than others. Hillary Clinton was found to have committed numerous email felonies, and then the gutless James Comey said \u201cnever mind.\u201d Clinton\u2019s Benghazi malfeasance with Barack Obama also has gone unpunished. The political elite elevating itself above the law is a hallmark of leftist dictatorship. (8) One of the liberal Democrats\u2019 favorite slander devices is the accusation of racism, which has become the supreme insult in our society. White-on-black racism, in particular, has become socially unacceptable, which actually is a measure of how anti-racist America has become in overcoming vestiges of its more primitive state. Recognize, however, that for the past 45 years, the only legally permissible, sometimes legally mandated, racial discrimination in the U.S. is that which is committed in favor of minorities against Caucasians. This is the extreme state of our social law, for better or worse, yet many on the left trot out \u201cwhite supremacist\u201d allegations more often than we can count. There is a more substantive reason for the liberal Democrat amalgam\u2019s resort to this odious tactic, beyond findings of its marketing effectiveness: Liberal Democrats cannot permit the mass healing of race relations in our country. They need to aggravate those relations so their side is better able to exploit the issue. Is there no limit to their neo-McCarthyist cynicism? Politics is everything to liberal Democrats, because government power is everything to them. (9) Perhaps the worst of the Big Lies was \u201cif you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor,\u201d designed to give liberal Democrat government absolute life-and-death power over all citizens through the enactment of Obamacare. What better way to achieve totalitarian rule than mortal power over all the ruled people? See why socialized medicine is the liberal Democrats' Holy Grail? A broader explanation for the liberal Democrats\u2019 current hysteria: Their camp had some very sinister plans for the country, and was oh-so-close to ultimate success. With the election of President Hillary Clinton, a prospective second straight subversive in the office, Democrats could have finally amnestied 11 million illegal aliens, i.e., new Democrat voters, thereby ensuring that no Republican could ever again be elected president. This outcome would establish their goal of a one-party dictatorship, in effect\u2015if only it had happened. The dream scenario having been snatched away is what has driven the liberal Democrats over the edge. So, in their delirium, they lash out. It is all understandable for a group of closet totalitarians in the throes of catastrophic disappointment. And if they tear the nation apart as they act out, so much the better, in their warped view. They always despised the country anyway. Now the plan is for arch-socialist Bernie Sanders or Elizabeth Warren (who misrepresented her own race for financial gain), to win the presidency in 2020 for a slightly postponed takeover. Pleasant dreams, America. There is something happening here. John Gaski is an associate professor at the Mendoza College of Business at the University of Notre Dame. He is a long-time registered Democrat and long-time registered Republican\u2014intermittently, not simultaneously. If you would like to write an op-ed for the Washington Examiner, please read our guidelines on submissions here.", "label": 1, "id": 618}
{"text": "U.S. President-elect Donald Trump speaks at his election night rally in New York early on Nov. 9, 2016. Trump stunned America and the world Wednesday, riding a wave of populist resentment to defeat Hillary Clinton in the race to become the 45th president of the United States.", "label": 0, "id": 284}
{"text": "Yet again we see more evidence that the media and leftist government officials are lying to the American public. What is the agenda? What reality are they try to protect? Why are they risking violence when it is unnecessary? Watch this video posted on Facebook by Will Johnson, a common sense conservative, who intends to be a part of a free speech rally this weekend in San Francisco. As he states it is intended to be a pro Trump rally, however it is clearly being painted by politicians and the media as a white supremacist rally with a call for the presence of Antifa. How is it possible to have a white supremacy rally when the rally barely has any white people attending? I\u2019ll let you figure that one out! Watch the video below. /videos/1875854002678972/ 60 Celebrities Who Are Mega Trump Supporters - #20 Is Unbelievable!", "label": 1, "id": 533}
{"text": "Credit: YouTube Considering over 60 percent of United States citizens support going to war with North Korea, one would hope the majority would be able to, at the very least, locate the country on a map. Unfortunately, no such luck. The laughable discovery was made when Jimmy Kimmel and his team visited Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles, California, and asked passersby to locate North Korea on a map. Many citizens were upfront about their lack of geographic knowledge but guessed anyway. Their estimates ranged from Canada to the Middle East to Australia. Only the minority actually knew where North Korea is located. Though the political situation in the United States is less than ideal at present, at least the people interviewed aren\u2019t in charge of firing any missiles. What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news!", "label": 0, "id": 603}
{"text": "WASHINGTON \u2014 President Donald Trump on Friday called allegations of Russian election meddling a \u201choax,\u201d and insisted the media was the \u201cgreatest influence\u201d on the 2016 campaign. Trump\u2019s tweets early Friday appeared to respond to Facebook\u2019s announcement that the social media giant will provide to congressional investigators the contents of 3,0 ads bought by a Russian agency. \u201cThe Russia hoax continues, now it\u2019s ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favour of Crooked Hillary?\u201d He later added: \u201cThe greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media \u2018screaming\u2019 for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!\u201d The Russia hoax continues, now it\u2019s ads on Facebook. What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017 The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media \"screaming\" for Crooked Hillary Clinton. Next, she was a bad candidate!\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017 Facebook has faced growing pressure from members of Congress to release the content of the ads. The company has already handed over the ads to the special counsel investigating Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Facebook also says it will now require political ads to disclose both who is paying for them and all ad campaigns those individuals or groups are running on Facebook.", "label": 0, "id": 302}
{"text": "Frederick M. Images for BET The rapper was taken into custody Saturday morning. Nelly has been arrested for allegedly raping a woman, TMZ reports. According to Law enforcement sources, a woman has accused the rapper of raping her on his tour bus in Washington. The alleged rape is reported to have occurred at approximately 3:45 AM Saturday, with Nelly being arrested on second degree rape charges around 7:00 AM. Nelly is currently on tour with country act Florida Georgia Line. He was set to take the stage in Ridgefield, Washington Saturday night. Friday night's show took place at the White River Amphitheatre in Auburn, WA. Q13 FOX correspondent and anchor Brandi Kruse reports that Nelly met the alleged victim in Seattle after the show. There has been no official word from Nelly's representatives at this time. Further coverage to come as information arrives. UPDATE: Nelly's attorney has released a statement to Page Six, among other publications. Read it below. Nelly is the victim of a completely fabricated allegation. Our initial investigation, clearly establishes, this allegation is devoid of credibility and is motivated by greed and vindictiveness. I am confident, once this scurrilous accusation is thoroughly investigated, there will be no charges. Nelly is prepared to address and pursue all legal avenues to redress any damage caused by this clearly false allegation. Nelly's last tweet was at 3:23 AM EST or 12:23 AM PDT (local Washington time) Saturday. It reads, \"Anytime you feel like the whole world is against you you need to scratch that shit its really you against the whole world because the whole world don't know you exist.\" TMZ has posted a video of the rapper that was reportedly filmed earlier in the night. Watch it below.", "label": 0, "id": 49}
{"text": "A lot of Californians are mad as hell. Some even say they\u2019re not going to take it anymore. \"It\" is the result of November\u2019s presidential election. What these Californians are doing is organizing a secessionist movement \u2014 as in, taking California out of the United States. Their movement is called Calexit, as in Brexit. Their inspiration is the growing gulf that separates them \u2014 politically, culturally, demographically \u2014 from the rest of the union. Hillary Clinton outpolled Donald Trump by a two-to-one margin here. \"Without California, Trump would have won the popular vote,\" tweeted conservative pundit and Trump critic David Frum. The Golden State has a population of 39 million people, more than any other state in the union, and more people than in all of Canada. Metro Los Angeles alone is home to close to 19 million, a total greater than Ontario and Alberta combined. As Frum points out, those are numbers that come with economic clout, and therein lies the rub for many Californians. The U.S. without California, he writes, would be the world\u2019s second-ranked technology power instead of the first. It\u2019s home to Silicon Valley and companies such as Google, Apple, Cisco, Intel, Oracle, and SpaceX. California boasts the world\u2019s sixth largest economy, greater than France, Italy, South Korea and India. California is also culturally distinct from much of the rest of the U.S. It\u2019s synonymous with liberal causes, from environmental protection to gun control to health care, and that has other Americans judging Californians, and not in a flattering way. It\u2019s a reality not lost on Marcus Ruiz Evans, one of the movers and shakers behind Calexit. \"California,\" he admitted to the Washington Post, \"(is) seen as weird.\" That weirdness extends to politics beyond the presidential variety. Gov. Jerry Brown has vowed to ensure Californians have health insurance coverage, offered through the state-run health exchange called Covered California, even if Trump Republicans repeal ObamaCare. But where the state most hears a different drummer is on immigration. Californians are decidedly in favour of it, and it\u2019s easy to see why. California has the largest immigrant population in the union, approximately 10 million in total, a quarter of those undocumented. If you\u2019re not an immigrant in California, you know one. Or two. Or more. In response to Trump\u2019s ambitions to engage in large-scale deportation of illegal immigrants, the state legislature is considering a bill that would declare the state a \"sanctuary.\" Lawmakers have even hired former Obama attorney general Eric Holder to battle the Trump administration on the issue. That step earned the enmity of the new president. \"Trump claims California is \u2018out of control,\u2019 \" writes columnist George Skelton in the Los Angeles Times, though the irony is undoubtedly lost on the president. Trump has threatened to cut off federal funds to California. \"We\u2019ll defund,\" Trump told Fox News. \"We give tremendous amounts of money to California.\" The problem is that, like residents of Canada\u2019s \"have\" provinces, Californians contribute more money to the federal treasury than what comes back. There has been much grousing about the Trump administration ever since the threats were levelled, fertile ground for Calexit. The secessionists even have the support of Silicon Valley billionaires Peter Thiel and Shervin Pishevar. Companies like Google have expressed concern about their ability in an anti-immigrant climate to recruit foreigners for jobs not enough Americans are qualified to fill. In January, the group Yes California was given permission to circulate a petition with the intention of putting the sovereignty question on the 2018 ballot. If the petition is successful \u2014 close to 600,0 signatures are required \u2014 a special vote to decide the state\u2019s future would follow in 2019. Calexit does have its skeptics. \"Canadians know you don\u2019t escape the shadow of your giant neighbour by drawing a border,\" wrote Prof. Timothy William Waters in the Los Angeles Times. Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti said he believes secession is a bad idea. Such opinions are far from universal. According to a new opinion poll taken in California, one-third of respondents support \"peaceful withdrawal from the union.\" As one tweeter wrote: \"We\u2019ll just take our avocados and legal weed and go.\" Terry McConnell is a former Edmonton Journal columnist, editorial writer and copy editor now living in California", "label": 0, "id": 588}
{"text": "TAMPA BAY, Fla. - Americans around the country are being urged to donate blood at their local blood center in order to assist victims of Hurricane Irma. OneBlood, a Florida based blood center, resumed blood collections on Tuesday. All blood types are needed, however, there is an urgent need for platelet donors and people with O negative blood. Hurricane Irma forced OneBlood to suspend operations for three days and as a result, there is an urgent need to replenish the blood supply in Florida. Donors should visit for donor center hours and blood drive locations. OneBlood, in coordination with America\u2019s Blood Centers and Blood Centers of America, has been actively arranging for shipments of blood to be brought in to Florida by blood centers from around the country. OneBlood is urging people living outside of Irma\u2019s path to visit their local blood center and donate blood as soon as possible to assist those desperately in need in Florida. Those interested in donating blood may contact the following organizations to find a local blood drive and to schedule an appointment: AABB: +1.301.907.6977", "label": 0, "id": 572}
{"text": "Facebook has set up a crisis response page so people who are in Las Vegas can let people know they are safe. More than 50 people died in the shooting and at least 400 people have been injured in the shooting, according to Las Vegas police. The shooting started around 10:08 p.m. local time. Those numbers would make this the deadliest mass shooting in United States history. The suspect has been identified as local man Stephen Paddock, 64. Paddock was shooting from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay, Sheriff Joe Lombardo said. Lombardo said the shooter is dead. Police believe Paddock killed himself before law enforcement entered the room, Lombardo said. People can check in to let Facebook friends now they are in Las Vegas and that they are safe. Police also advise people to call 1-866-535-5654 to check in on loved ones.", "label": 0, "id": 575}
{"text": "Ninety-two percent of Muslims in the U.S. are proud to be American, even though 75 percent say there is \"a lot\" of discrimination against Muslims in the U.S. Nine-in-ten Muslims reported having a positive feeling about living in the U.S., even though 75 percent believe it has become harder to be Muslim in the U.S. in recent years. The survey found that Muslims feel that the main problems they face in the U.S. are negative media coverage about the religion (60 percent), misconceptions about Islam (9 percent) and President Trump\u2019s attitudes policies towards Muslims (9 percent). The survey was conducted Jan. 23 to May 2, and 1,001 U.S. Muslim adults participated. Nearly 48 percent have experienced some type of discrimination. Researchers at the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) found that the number of hate groups specifically targeting Muslims in the U.S. has nearly tripled in the past year. SPLC reported that there were 34 hate groups in 2015 and the figure has risen to 101. The SPLC attributed the increase in hate groups in part to Trump's campaign rhetoric. \"The growth has been accompanied by a rash of crimes targeting Muslims, including an arson that destroyed a mosque in Victoria, Texas, just hours after the Trump administration announced an executive order suspending travel from some predominantly Muslim countries,\" SPLC said in a statement. But despite the backlash Muslims have received from Trump's presidency, participants said they have experienced support in the past few months from non-Muslims", "label": 0, "id": 515}
{"text": "It is a rich if tragic irony that the same progressives denouncing Richard Spencer and demanding that municipal statues be torn down for their alleged white supremacist qualities are themselves closely aligned with a white supremacist-tied group. I am speaking, of course, of Planned Parenthood, which is to the abortion-loving Left what Adolf Hitler\u2019s bunker would have become to fascists had Germany not demolished it in the late 1980s: a sort of holy shrine upon which adulation and adoration can be fixated. Read Full Article \u00bb", "label": 1, "id": 21}
{"text": "Donald Trump ran on many braggadocios and largely unrealistic campaign promises. One of those promises was to be the best, the hugest, the most competent infrastructure president the United States has ever seen. Trump was going to fix every infrastructure problem in the country and Make America Great Again in the process. That is, unless you\u2019re a brown American. In that case, you\u2019re on your own, even after a massive natural disaster like Hurricane Maria. Puerto Rico\u2019s debt, which the Puerto Rican citizens not in government would have no responsibility for, has nothing to do with using federal emergency disaster funds to save the lives of American citizens there. The infrastructure is certainly a mess at this point after a Category 5 hurricane ripped through the island, and 84 percent of Puerto Rican people are currently without electricity. Emergency efforts after Hurricanes Irma and Harvey reportedly went very well and Trump praised himself as well and even saw his disastrous approval ratings tick up slightly as a result. However, the insufficient response in Puerto Rico has nothing to do with Trump, in his mind, and can only be blamed on the people there who do not live in a red state and have no electoral college votes to offer the new president for 2020. They\u2019re on their own. Twitter responded with sheer incredulity at Trump\u2019s vicious attack on an already suffering people. Featured image screengrab via YouTube", "label": 1, "id": 1}
{"text": "The following statements were posted to the verified Twitter accounts of U.S. President Donald Trump, @realDonaldTrump and @POTUS. The opinions expressed are his own. Reuters has not edited the statements or confirmed their accuracy. @realDonaldTrump : - HAPPY EASTER! [0827 EDT] - Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. \"Caravans\" coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL! [0956 EDT] - Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL! [1025 EDT] - These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act! [1028 EDT] -- Source link: ( ( (Compiled by Bengaluru bureau)", "label": 0, "id": 103}
{"text": "Credit: Do It Wiser Plastic is plaguing the environment left and right and one of the single biggest contributors is the use of single-use plastic bottles. This includes water bottles and those used for other beverages, like sodas and sugary sports drinks, and the demand for them is only increasing despite global efforts to stem plastic usage in the bud. Plastic bags and bottles ravage the Earth from production to disposal, and yet humans buy approximately one million bottles per minute, according to Euromonitor, a market research group. Those numbers are expected to increase by another 20% by 2021, which will devastate climate, beaches, oceans, and all of the animals that reside in these areas. According to figures from Euromonitor, humans bought 480 billion plastic bottles in the year 2016, which is 300 billion more than the numbers from a decade ago. To make matters worse, less than half of those bottles was collected for recycling and only about 7% of those collected were turned into new bottles. Manufacturers complain that using recycled plastic ruins the appeal of the bottles and that it costs more to use these materials, which will fall on the consumer. Experts speculate that this demand for 20,0 bottles per second has been exacerbated by the on-the-go, urban culture that has taken over in cities in China and the Asia Pacific region. With an increased population comes a rise in the demand for PET (polyethylene terephthalate) bottles, which is why Chinese citizens bought 73.8 billion bottles last year, up more than 5 billion since the year before it. \u201c[China] is a critical country to understand when examining global sales of plastic PET bottles, and China\u2019s requirement for plastic bottles continues to expand,\u201d said Euromonitor\u2019s head of packaging, Rosemary Downey. It\u2019s not enough that reusable water bottles are trending right now because that doesn\u2019t help the nations who can\u2019t trust the cleanliness of their tap water. This surge in buying plastic bottles is also largely driven by developing countries, where disposability is more important than sustainability and being eco-friendly. \u201cThis increase is being driven by increased urbanization,\u201d Downey said. \u201cThere is a desire for healthy living and there are ongoing concerns about groundwater contamination and the quality of tap water, which all contribute to the increase in bottle water use.\u201d Credit: Bottle Ban If municipalities would clean up their water or work to provide safe drinking water to certain regions for the first time, it\u2019s likely that plastic pollution, especially when it comes to bottles, would decline dramatically and slow the environmental health crisisthat is building every day. Sadly, it\u2019s estimated that approximately 5 to 13 million tons of plastic leak into the ocean every single year, ultimately to be worn down into fragments that float in the water column and can sometimes become a part of one of the many garbage patches. Fish, sea birds, and other marine life will eat the specks of plastic or even consume larger pieces, which can eventually kill them. Since humans consume a variety of fish from the ocean, these plastics can also make their way onto our dinner plates. \u201cThe plastic pollution crisis rivals the threat of climate change as it pollutes every natural system and an increasing number of organisms on planet Earth,\u201d said Hugo Tagholm, the CEO of Surfers Against Sewage. \u201cCurrent science shows that plastics cannot be usefully assimilated into the food chain. Where they are ingested they carry toxins that work their way on to our dinner plates.\u201d There are several solutions that groups and experts have suggested to reduce the number of plastic bottle usage, ranging from cutting bottles out cold turkey to encouraging a payment system to use plastic bottles. While some places, like San Francisco, banned the sale of plastic bottles, other groups advocate for what\u2019s called a circular economy. In the circular economy, plastic bottles would be used, recycled, refilled, and reused, effectively reducing waste. Surfers Against Sewage is currently campaigning for a deposit return system to be implemented in the UK, which the equivalent of CRV that is collected in the U.S. that can be returned to people that recycle their bottles or cans. If you aren\u2019t compelled by these reasons to stop using plastic bottles, consider what your beaches will look like once plastic dominates the world even more. Remote islands with little to no beach clean-ups have shown evidence of extreme pollution along their coast and upwards of 18 tons on their beaches, revealing what the future of even the nicest beaches will be. Consider purchasing a reusable water bottle today and making a huge difference for the environment.", "label": 1, "id": 150}
{"text": "In Washington, the ostensible story is rarely the real story. We know, for example, that former President Clinton engineered a meeting with President Obama\u2019s attorney general, Loretta Lynch, on the tarmac of the Phoenix Airport on June 27, 2016. That\u2019s the official story, replete with the charming and intentionally disarming detail that all they talked about was their grandchildren. It was just coincidental, don\u2019t you know, that at the time the FBI was looking into Hillary Clinton\u2019s use of a \u201cpersonal\u201d email server to send, receive and store classified information. And it was also simply coincidental that just a few days later, the director of the FBI \u2013 who served under Attorney General Lynch \u2013 announced that he wouldn\u2019t recommend a prosecution of Hillary Clinton. Richard Nixon must be rolling over in his grave. What we haven\u2019t known, until now, is that a frantic scramble erupted in the halls of the FBI to cover up this meeting. What we haven\u2019t known, until now, is that a frantic scramble erupted in the halls of the FBI to cover up this meeting. In fact, the FBI turned its sharp light not on the scandalous meeting between the attorney general and Bill Clinton \u2013 but rather on one of the whistleblowers who got the word out. The organization I head, Judicial Watch, asked the FBI on July 7, 2016, for any records that might pertain to the infamous tarmac meeting. We had to sue after we were ignored by the agency. Then the FBI told us flat-out that it couldn\u2019t find any records. And we now know that was flat-out untrue. Because, in responding to another one of our Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuits, the Justice Department gave us heavily redacted documents that showed there were additional documents tucked away at the FBI headquarters. If not for Judicial Watch's lawsuits these documents would still be hidden today. Because of the revelation in our other lawsuit, the FBI \u2013 without our knowledge\u2014\"reopened\" our FOIA request. The agency supposedly found about 30 pages of information, which it needed six weeks to review. The FBI finally gave them to us late Thursday. Now we know why the FBI played shell games. The documents show that FBI officials were concerned solely about the leaking of details of the tarmac meeting. None of the documents show top agency officials cared one whit about the propriety of the meeting itself, but only about who blew the whistle on the covert t\u00eate-\u00e0-t\u00eate. In one email, an FBI official writes \u201cwe need to find that guy.\u201d And in another we learn that the Phoenix FBI office was contacted \u201cin an attempt to stem any further damage.\u201d An FBI official working on Lynch\u2019s security detail even goes so far as to suggest non-disclosure agreements to keep the full facts from coming forth. No wonder the FBI didn\u2019t turn these documents over until we caught it red-handed, hiding and lying about them. Simply put, the FBI appears to be fully complicit in a cover-up that attempted to influence a presidential election for a favored candidate \u2013 Hillary Clinton. And the truth was trampled on a Phoenix tarmac. Tom Fitton is president of Judicial Watch. Founded in 1994, Judicial Watch Inc. is a constitutionally conservative, nonpartisan educational foundation that promotes transparency, accountability and integrity in government, politics and the law.", "label": 1, "id": 529}
{"text": "Ever since a 2015 poll revealed that a certain slice of Americana supported bombing Agrabah, the fictional city Disney's Aladdin calls home, it's been interesting to consider what other fictional countries have actually messed with the United States and totally gotten a pass. Agrabah didn't actually damage its relations with the U.S., presumably because the U.S. either doesn't exist yet in that world, or because they don't have oil. Or because Magic isn't considered a WMD. yet. Meanwhile, a number of other countries have attacked America its American heroes and haven't yet met the full-on retaliation they deserve. 1. Pottsylvania \u2014 \"Rocky and Bullwinkle\" These guys have been sending special agents to try and kill American heroes FOR YEARS. Pottsylvania is populated entirely by special agents and saboteurs. Their children are taught assassination techniques and espionage practices from an early age, their highest medal is the Double Cross and their mysterious dictator (known only as \"Fearless Leader\") makes Kim Jong-Un look like a teddy bear. Their two most active agents are skilled infiltrators and have never been captured. They are pictured on this surveillance photo, planting an IED. 2. Bilya \u2014 \"Iron Eagle\" Bilya is supposed to be a fictional Arab state in the Middle East. These guys had the balls to shoot down an American F-16, capture its pilot, and then sentence him to hang in a show trial. This is not the face of someone who is just going to let that happen. Luckily, the pilot's 16-year-old son Doug (an Air Force Academy reject) and Chappie, an Air Force Reserve pilot, steal two F-16s of their own and fly off to Bilya to rescue him. What should have happened was America launching an all-out raid on Bilyan infrastructure and military targets. Then, after they released the American they took for no reason, the Bilyans would pay us back the $18 million they owe us for shooting down our F-16. 3. Val Verde \u2014 \"Commando,\" \"Predator,\" and \"Die Hard 2\" This nondescript South American country has more coups than a flock of pigeons (say that sentence aloud for the full effect). For some reason, all of their worst representatives seem to end up in the United States, ready to coerce American heroes to do their bidding. Fortunately, John Matrix lives inside an unlimited ammo cheat code world. In \"Commando,\" a deposed dictator named Arius kidnaps John Matrix' daughter to force him to kill the current president (of Val Verde). Spoiler Alert: he doesn't even make it to Val Verde. Instead, he ices every single person who came near his daughter. I hope Val Verde at least has good veteran's hospitals. In \"Die Hard 2,\" terrorists hit an airport to free another captured dictator, ruining John McClane's Christmas, everyone's flight schedules, and never taking any blame for what they do. And that is United Airlines' job. In \"Predator,\" Dutch Schaeffer's commando team has to mount a hostage rescue from guerrillas in Val Verde. You might know what happens next (hint: it has something to do with an invisible alien). \"Well, he has plenty of time to bleed now.\" (20th Century Fox) Seriously, how many times do they get to mess with America before we do something about this? Who is the President in this movie universe? And I am dying to know more about this place \u2013 what are the exports, other than terrorism and contras? 4. Latveria \u2013 Marvel Comics Latveria: a perfectly normal country. Latveria is an Eastern European nation tucked back into the Carpathian Mountains, led by a guy whose name is freaking Dr. Victor von Doom. Even George W. Bush could convince the world that this guy needed to be ousted, and he wouldn't have to throw Colin Powell under a bus to do it. Besides, Russia already has a Dr. Doom. Dr. Doom is obviously a state sponsor of terrorism. Doom is responsible for the proliferation of chemical weapons, attempted assassinations of allied heads of state, and oh so many crimes against humanity. And like many 20th century dictators, Dr. Doom got the Henry Kissinger seal of approval. The Fantastic Four can bring down Hitler, a being who eats planets, and the Prince of Darkness, but can't seem to overthrow this tiny country and oust its metal-faced dictator? It's time to send in the Marines.", "label": 0, "id": 506}
{"text": "Donald Trump has responded to the emotional speech given by the father of a fallen Muslim U.S. Army soldier at the Democratic National Convention this week. In an interview with ABC News\u2018 George Stephanopoulos on Saturday, Trump fired back at Khizr Khan\u2019s statement that he has \u201csacrificed nothing\u201d for his country. \u201cI\u2019ve made a lot of sacrifices,\u201d Trump said. \u201cI work very, very hard. I\u2019ve created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I\u2019ve had tremendous success. I think I\u2019ve done a lot.\u201d Khan addressed Trump directly in his Thursday speech at the DNC, challenging the Republican presidential nominee\u2019s proposed ban on Muslim immigrants to the U.S. \u201cHave you ever been to Arlington Cemetery? Go look at the graves of brave patriots who died defending the United States of America. You will see all faiths, genders and ethnicities,\u201d Khan said. \u201cYou have sacrificed nothing and no one.\u201d Does Donald Trump Rattle You? In his interview with Stephanopoulos, Trump also took a jab at Khan\u2019s wife Ghazala, who stood silently next to her husband at the DNC as he spoke about their son Capt. Humayun Khan, who was killed by a car bomb in Iraq in 2004 and posthumously awarded the Purple Heart and Bronze Star for his heroism. \u201cIf you look at his wife, she was standing there,\u201d Trump said. \u201cShe had nothing to say. She probably, maybe she wasn\u2019t allowed to have anything to say. You tell me.\u201d Trump echoed this sentiment in an interview Friday with the New York Times\u2018 Maureen Dowd. When Dowd asked him about Khan\u2019s heartfelt speech, Trump\u2019s only response was, \u201cI\u2019d like to hear his wife say something.\u201d Ghazala told MSNBC in an interview on Friday that she was too emotional to speak about her son at the DNC, but opened up to MSNBC\u2019s Lawrence O\u2019Donnell about her son\u2019s bravery.", "label": 0, "id": 69}
{"text": "You cannot vote for Donald Trump and pretend that this is just another election, and he is just another candidate. Evan It\u2019s easy to make fun of the hats. It\u2019s not so easy to contemplate what makes so many people think America\u2019s greatness is in desperate need of reformation, or what would make them turn to someone like Donald Trump to make it a reality. America has flaws as deep as its founding, when the men who laid down basic principles of human rights \u2013 principles that have endured 240 years \u2013 were fed and clothed by human beings they owned. That paradox still defines the fault lines of our nation, and it\u2019s along those lines we are drawing the ugliest election in modern history. It isn\u2019t just economic anxiety or trade deals or the opioid epidemic driving the mostly white, mostly male movement behind Trump\u2019s campaign. It is the existential fear of displacement from a world that has slowly \u2013 too slowly, for too long \u2013 been chipping away at white male supremacy. The \u201cgrab \u2019em by the pussy\u201d moment was disastrous for Trump\u2019s campaign; it reinforced the defining narrative of his sexism. But it drew his strongest supporters even closer to him, because it reminded them of the world they\u2019re losing. They want to live in an America where they can grab women by the pussy and brag about it to their friends. They want to casually use the n-word \u2013 just for the bad ones; they\u2019re not racist! \u2013 without being set upon by the PC police. They want what\u2019s coming to them, what\u2019s owed them. And they are willing to burn down the world to get it. Donald Trump is the worst major-party candidate for president in American history. This is not a close call. By virtually any measure, he is unfit to lead a Cub Scout troop, let alone the nation with the world\u2019s most powerful military. It\u2019s worth going back and reading the transcripts of his debates with Hillary Clinton just to remember how he speaks when he\u2019s answering questions off the cuff. It\u2019s breathtaking how incapable he is of forming a single coherent thought. The expectations for him were so low that there was little to no coverage of his failure over four-and-a-half hours to say anything intelligent about any issue important to the American people. He meanders, he interrupts, and he whines. He is uninformed and unprepared. Trump\u2019s values are, in a word, deplorable. He launched his campaign calling Mexican immigrants rapists, issued a call for a ban on immigration by Muslims, and said women should be punished for getting an abortion. He lies, constantly, about everything. He stokes anger and fear and even violence among his supporters. He nurtures their very worst instincts. He brags he has the best temperament, but that\u2019s nonsense. He\u2019s lashed out and punched down, attacking the parents of a dead soldier, a former beauty pageant winner who gained weight, countless reporters and anyone he perceives as insulting him. It is impossible to predict exactly how deep a disaster Donald Trump\u2019s presidency would be, but there\u2019s no limit to the potential for horror. Think how much we still don\u2019t know about Trump \u2013 how he hasn\u2019t released his taxes, how many women there likely are who haven\u2019t come forward \u2013 and you can imagine the scandals and corruption that lie in wait. Consider how thin his policy knowledge is and how impulsively he reacts to insults, and imagine his twitchy little fingers on the nuclear button. Donald Trump cannot be president of the United States. And while Trump has a considerable movement of supporters who see him as a great conquering hero, who believe every word of his lies, no matter how outlandish and easily disproven, there are many people, even at this late hour, who are torn about whether they can support him. Maybe they\u2019re deeply conservative Republicans who despise what they believe Clinton would do to the country. Maybe they\u2019re independents who see constant stories about her emails and have genuine fears about her judgment. But now is the moment for every last American to decide what it truly means to be a citizen. You can be reluctant about Hillary Clinton. You don\u2019t even have to vote for her (though I did, without doubt or hesitation). What you cannot do is vote for Donald Trump and pretend that this is just another election, and he is just another candidate. It is your minimum duty as a citizen not to support a racist, sexist, unqualified, dishonest, corrupt manchild who celebrates everything that\u2019s ugly about America and not a single thing that\u2019s great about it. No matter how left out or left behind you feel, voting for Trump is nothing short of a moral failure. It\u2019s a vicious act against the human beings, mostly women and people of color, who would suffer miserably under his presidency. It\u2019s an act of violence against America itself, whose greatness has always been about progressing from more oppression to less \u2013 slowly, sometimes haltingly, but forward. The promise on those red hats is to turn back in the other direction. The greatness they sell is a lie. Watch Donald Trump\u2019s acceptance speech after becoming the new President-elect of the United States.", "label": 1, "id": 343}
{"text": "The NFL plans to allow the FBI and IRS investigations into the businesses run by new Cleveland Browns owner Jimmy Haslam to sort itself out before it decides whether it will take any action. NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said a report that Haslam might be asked to step down as the investigation into Pilot Flying J continues is inaccurate. \"There are no such plans,\" Aiello said. Haslam told the Associated Press on Friday that he will continue to run the Browns. \"No change,\" Haslam said. \"I look forward to the draft next week.\" Haslam said earlier Friday he won't resign from his position as CEO of Pilot Flying J. \"Why would I step down? I haven't done anything wrong,\" Haslam said Friday while speaking at his company's headquarters in Knoxville, Tenn. \"It still appears to us that this investigation is focused on a very narrow band of a very large company -- questions about how rebates were handled to a very small percentage of our trucking company customers.\" An FBI agent's affidavit, which was unsealed Thursday alleges that Pilot Flying J -- the truck stop operator owned by the Haslam family -- engaged in a fraud scheme designed to keep money owed to its customers. According to the documents, multiple current and former employees of the company told authorities that Haslam, who purchased the Browns for $1.05 billion last October, knew of the fraud and was present at meetings where it was discussed. The NFL declined to comment on the matter. Haslam released the following statement Thursday: \"I've read the affidavits. I now understand more clearly the questions the federal investigators are exploring. I maintain that the foundation of this company is built on its integrity and that any willful wrongdoing by any employee of this company at any time is intolerable. We will continue to cooperate with the federal investigation and continue our own investigation in these allegations. I value the relationships we have with our customers, our vendors and our team members across this country and regret that they have to go through this with us, but I trust and believe their faith in this company and its principles has never been misplaced.\" According to The Associated Press, Haslam arrived in Cleveland on Thursday, three days after FBI and IRS agents executed four search warrants at Pilot Flying J company headquarters. The AP reported that at a Tuesday news conference in Knoxville, Haslam revealed the government is investigating rebates offered by the truck stop chain, but said, \"We believe we did nothing wrong.\" His family -- including his brother, Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam -- owns 59 percent of the business. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 323}
{"text": "Earlier this morning, President Trump took to Twitter to announce his decision to ban transgender individuals from serving in the U.S. military. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow\u2026\u2026 \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 \u2026.Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming\u2026. \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 \u2026.victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 \u201cAfter consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,\u201d Trump announced via Twitter. \u201cOur military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you.\u201d The announcement drew swift responses on the social media platform. \u201cNo American, no matter their sexual orientation or gender identity, should be prohibited from honor + privilege of serving our nation #LGBT,\u201d tweeted Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (R-FL). \u201cPleased to hear that @realDonaldTrump shares my readiness and cost concerns, &amp; will be changing this costly and damaging policy #readiness,\u201d tweeted Rep. Vicky Jo Hartzler (R-MO). Just spoke to a Trump administration official about the transgender military decision. Here's what they said\u2026 pic.twitter. \u2014 Jonathan Swan (@jonathanvswan) July 26, 2017 Trump\u2019s decision will roll back military policy after the Obama administration lifted the ban last year, allowing transgender soldiers to openly serve in the United States Military. The Department of Defense policy drew sharp criticism, as it supported service members looking to change their gender, making them eligible to receive coverage for \u201cmedically necessary care and treatment.\u201d \u201cThis is the right thing to do for our people and for the force,\u201d former Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in announcing the policy. \u201cWe\u2019re talking about talented Americans who are serving with distinction or who want the opportunity to serve. We can\u2019t allow barriers unrelated to a person\u2019s qualifications prevent us from recruiting and retaining those who can best accomplish the mission.\u201d It is not yet clear what effect this decision will have on the roughly 250 transgender individuals currently serving openly in the armed forces. SOUND OFF: Do you support Trump\u2019s decision to ban transgender citizens from serving in our armed forces?", "label": 0, "id": 482}
{"text": "As the New Year 5778 begins, 88% of Israeli Jews say that they are happy and satisfied with their lives. This makes sense. Israel\u2019s relative security, its prosperity, freedom, and spiritual blossoming make Israeli Jews the most successful Jewish community in 3,500 years of Jewish history. The same cannot be said for the Jews of the Diaspora. In Western Europe, Jewish communities that just a generation ago were considered safe and prosperous are now besieged. Synagogues and Jewish schools look like army barracks. And the severe security cordons Jews need to pass through to pray and study are entirely justified. For where they are absent, as they were at the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket in Paris in 2015, assailants strike. Western European Jewry\u2019s crisis is exogenous to the Jewish communities. It isn\u2019t the Jews who caused the crisis, which may in time cause the wholesale exodus of the Jews from Europe. The crisis is a function of growing levels of popular antisemitism spurred by mass immigration from the Islamic world and the resurgence of indigenous European Jew-hatred, particularly on the far Left. This is not the situation among American Jewry, which at the dawn of 5778 also finds itself steeped in an ever-deepening crisis. And while antisemitism is a growing problem in America, particularly on university campuses, unlike their European counterparts, American Jews could mount and win a battle against the growing anti-Jewish forces. But in large part, they have chosen not to. And they have chosen not to fight the anti-Semites because they are in the midst of a self-induced identity crisis. First, there is the problem of demographic collapse. According to the Pew Research Center\u2019s 2013 study of American Jewry, nearly 60% of American Jews intermarry. Based on the Pew data, the Jewish People Policy Institute published a report in June that noted that not only are 60% of American Jews who get married marrying non-Jews, only half of American Jews are getting married at all. And among those who are getting married, less than a third are raising their children as Jewish in some way. Earlier this month, a study of American Jews was published by the Public Religion Research Institute. It found that not only hasn\u2019t the situation improved since the Pew survey was published, the trend toward assimilation and loss of Jewish identity among American Jews has accelerated. In 2013, 32% of American Jews under 30 said that they were not Jews by religion. Today the proportion of Jews under 30 who say they have no relation to the Jewish faith has ballooned to 47%. Not surprisingly, the wholesale abandonment of Jewish faith by nearly half of young American Jews has taken a toll on the two liberal streams of American Judaism. According to the study, the percentage of American Jews who identify as Reform or Conservative Jews is in free fall. Whereas in 2013, 35% of American Jews identified as Reform, today, a mere four years later, only 28% identify as Reform. The situation among Conservatives is even worse. In 2013, 18% of American Jews identified as Conservatives. Today, only 14% do. Among Jews, under 30 the situation is even starker. Only 20% of American Jews under 30 identify as Reform. Only 8% identify as Conservative. To be sure, the trend toward secularism and assimilation among US Jewry is not new. And over the years, Reform and Conservative leaders have adopted varying strategies to deal with it. In 19 the Reform movement tried to deal with the problem by strengthening the movement\u2019s religious practices. Although the effort failed, the impulse that drove the strategy was rational. American Jews who seek spiritual and religious meaning likely want more than a sermon about Tikkun Olam. The problem is that they also want more than a rabbi donning a kippa and a synagogue choosing to keep kosher. This is why, as the number of Reform and Conservative Jews is contracting, the number of American Jews who associate with the Orthodox movement is growing. Between 2013 and 2017, the proportion of young American Jews who identify as Orthodox grew from 10% to 15%. Moreover, more and more American Jews are finding their spiritual home with Chabad. Today there are more Chabad houses in the US than Reform synagogues. Unable to compete for Jews seeking religious fulfillment, the Reform and Conservative movements have struck out for new means of rallying their bases and attracting members. Over the past year, two new strategies are dominating the public actions of both movements. First, there is a selective fight against antisemitism. While antisemitism is experiencing a growth spurt in the US progressive movement, and antisemitism is becoming increasingly overt in US Muslim communities, neither the Reform nor Conservative movements have taken significant institutional steps to fight them. Instead, both movements, and a large swath of the Jewish institutional world, led in large part by Reform and Conservative Jews, have either turned a blind eye to this antisemitism or supported it. Take for instance the case of Davis, California, imam Amman Shahin. $107 Billion Treasure Found From WW2! You Won't Believe Where It Was Stashed On July 21 Shahin gave a sermon calling for the Jewish people to be annihilated. His Jewish neighbors in the progressive Jewish communities of Davis and Sacramento didn\u2019t call the police and demand that he be investigated for terrorist ties. They didn\u2019t demand that his mosque fire him. Instead, led by the Oakland Jewish Federation, local rabbi Seth Castleman, and the JCRC, they embraced Shahin. They appeared with him at a public \u201capology\u201d ceremony, where he failed to apologize for calling for his Jewish colleagues, and every other Jew, to be murdered. All Shahin did express regret that his call for genocide caused offense. On the other hand, the same leaders stand as one against allegations of antisemitic violence stemming from the political Right. In the face of an utter lack of evidence, when Jewish institutions were subjected to a rash of bomb threats last winter, Reform and Conservative leaders led the charge insisting that far-right antisemites were behind them and insinuated that the perpetrators supported President Donald Trump. When it worked out that all of the threats were carried out by a mentally ill Israeli Jew, they never issued an apology. So, too, the Reform and Conservative movements, like the rest of the American Jewish community, treated the Charlottesville riot last month like a new Reichstag fire. They entirely ignored the violence of the far-left, antisemitic Antifa protesters and behaved as though tomorrow neo-Nazis would take control of the federal government. They jumped on the bandwagon insisting that Trump\u2019s initial condemnation of both groups was proof that he has a soft spot for neo-Nazis. The problem with the strategy of selective outrage over antisemitism is that it isn\u2019t at all clear who the target audience is. Survey data shows that the more active Jews are in the synagogue, the less politically radical they are and the more devoted to Jewish causes they are. So it is hard to see how turning a blind eye to leftist and Muslim antisemitism will rally their current membership more than they already have been rallied. Moreover, the more radicalized Jews become politically, the more outlets they have for their political activism both as Jews and as leftists. No matter how anti-Trump Conservative and Reform leaders become, they can never rival the progressive forces in the Democratic Party. Prospects for success of the second strategy are arguably even lower. The second strategy involves cultivating animosity toward Israel over the issue of egalitarian prayer at the Kotel. Last June, the government overturned an earlier decision to build a passageway connecting the Western Wall Plaza with Robinson\u2019s Arch, along with the Southern Wall, where egalitarian prayer services are held. The government also rescinded a previous decision to have representatives of the Conservative and Reform movements receive membership in the committee that manages the Western Wall Plaza. The government\u2019s first decision was non-political. The Antiquities Authority nixed the construction of the passage due to the adverse impact construction would have on the antiquities below the surface. As to the second decision, it is far from a matter of life and death. The committee has no power to influence egalitarian prayers for better or for worse. And yet, rather than acknowledge that the decision was a setback but it didn\u2019t harm the status of egalitarian prayer at the Wall, the Reform and Conservative movements declared war against the government and dragged much of the organized Jewish establishment behind them. The Reform leadership canceled a scheduled meeting with Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, and the Jewish Agency Board followed suit. Six hundred Conservative rabbis signed a letter to Netanyahu accusing him of betraying Diaspora Jewry and announcing they would be forced to reconsider their support for Israel. Ambassador David Friedman, who had just taken residence in Israel a month before the explosion, used his first public remarks as ambassador to call his fellow American Jews to order. Friedman said, \u201cYesterday, I heard something that I thought I\u2019d never heard before. And I understand the source of the frustration and the source of the anger. But I heard a major Jewish organization say that they needed to rethink their support for the State of Israel. \u201cThat\u2019s something unthinkable in my lifetime, up until yesterday. We have to do better. We must do better,\u201d he said. But in the intervening months, the Conservative and Reform movements have not relented in their attacks. They have ratcheted them up. The thinking appears to be that if they can make this problem look like a life or death struggle between Israel and progressive Jewry, they can both keep their dwindling bases engaged and attract members of the increasingly anti-Israel Jewish far Left. The problem with this is that just as they cannot outdo the Democratic Party in their hostility toward Trump, so the Conservative and Reform movements cannot be more anti-Israel than Jewish Voices for Peace and other anti-Israel Jewish groups. The question for Israelis is what this failure of the mainstream American Jewish leadership means for the future of Israel\u2019s relationship with American Jewry. Jewish survival and continuity through the ages have been predicated and dependent on our ability as Jews to uphold the commandment of the sages that all Jews are responsible for one another. As the most successful Jewish community in history, Israel has a special responsibility for our brethren in the Diaspora. The first step toward fulfilling our duty is to recognize the basic fact that while it is true that the American Jewish community is in crisis, the leaders of that community are in an even deeper crisis. And the key to strengthening and supporting the community is to bypass its failed leadership and speak and interact directly with American Jews. Reprinted with author\u2019s permission from Caroline Glick", "label": 1, "id": 222}
{"text": "We have made great strides in the policing of thought in this country. Just ask Brendan Eich, one of the founders of Mozilla, developers of the web browser Firefox. Eich had just landed a promotion to the big chair as Mozilla\u2019s CEO. He lasted all of nine days. The reason? Back in 2008 Eich donated a thousand dollars to support Proposition 8, the California ballot initiative to ban same-sex marriage. The unearthing of this donation led to protests from gay rights activists and the h igh profile call for a boycott of Firefox by dating site OkCupid.com. Eich, as many people in circumstances such as his, was stricken with the sudden desire to \u201cspend more time with his family\u201d and quietly resigned. Regardless of your position on same sex marriage, those activists who led to Eich\u2019s resignation should be ashamed. Their basic message? \u201cYou\u2019d better be tolerant. Or else we will show you a display of true tolerance. By crushing you.\u201d In fact, it is no longer enough to be tolerant. Prior to his resignation, Eich told tech site CNET \u201c[i]f Mozilla cannot continue to operate according to its principles of inclusiveness, where you can work on the mission no matter what your background or other beliefs, I think we\u2019ll probably fail.\u201d In the same interview, he said that he wished for those who were calling for his ouster to know that \u201cwithout getting into my personal beliefs, which I separate from my Mozilla work \u2014 when people learned of the donation, they felt pain. I saw that in friends\u2019 eyes, [friends] who are LGBT [lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgendered]. I saw that in 2012. I am sorry for causing that pain.\u201d Wow. Eich sounds like an intolerant jerk! No, strike that. He sounds like a dedicated and thoughtful professional who was able to separate his work and personal lives\u2013as well he should have been. But to the activist crowd, it\u2019s not enough that people are tolerant. They must offer affirmation of the LGBT agenda or pay the price. Their much vaunted toleration doesn\u2019t extend to those who might have opposing viewpoints, like Eich. Of course, gay rights activists claim that Eich\u2019s views are not deserving of toleration because he sought to strip them of their rights. This may or may not be the case, but I\u2019d wager that many of them aren\u2019t such dogged defenders of rights when asked about, say, the Second Amendment. And I\u2019m hearing curiously little from these champions of freedom about the fact that 70 percent of California\u2019s African Americans and over 50 percent of Hispanics voted for Prop 8. The uncomfortable fact for the left is that 2008 was the same election in which minority voters pulled the levers in droves for President Obama. Even more uncomfortable? President Obama himself was opposed to same sex marriage in 2008. But, then, it\u2019s not about principle. It\u2019s about ramming through the \u201cright\u201d outcomes. An Associated Press piece about Eich\u2019s resignation asks \u201cwhether the episode undercuts the well-groomed image of Silicon Valley as a marketplace of ideas and diversity of thought, and whether, in this case, the tech world surrendered to political correctness enforced through a public shaming on social media.\u201d Geez, ya think? Andrew Sullivan, the unreliably conservative columnist had this to say: Will [Eich] now be forced to walk through the streets in shame? Why not the stocks? The whole episode disgusts me \u2013 as it should disgust anyone interested in a tolerant and diverse society. If this is the gay rights movement today \u2013 hounding our opponents with a fanaticism more like the religious right than anyone else \u2013 then count me out. If we are about intimidating the free speech of others, we are no better than the anti-gay bullies who came before us. The trite knock at the religious right is to be expected from a regular guest on Bill Maher\u2019s show, but Sullivan is right to call the gay rights activists out on their bullying tactics. And the man has skin in the game, as an openly gay man who has long supported same sex marriage. Kudos to Sullivan for recognizing that support for an issue doesn\u2019t require the squashing of all dissenting viewpoints. Liberals like to mock those who speak of the \u201cgay agenda.\u201d The real agenda, they claim, is for homosexuals to be able to live out their lives in dignity with their loved ones. Such efforts at destroying opposition unfortunately make that more difficult to believe. And activists forget that perhaps next time, they won\u2019t be the ones to define which thought crimes should be prosecuted. In a society which encourages the personal destruction of dissenters, any one of us can develop the desire to \u201cspend more time with family\u201d at any time.", "label": 1, "id": 535}
{"text": "Internet censorship is hurting conservative websites like DC Clothesline. If you enjoy our articles please consider making a small donation today. Thank YOU! ******************************************************************************** Earlier this week, CNN published a story titled \u201c White supremacists by default\u2019: How ordinary people made Charlottesville possible,\u201d which basically said that every single person that voted for Donald Trump to be president was a White Supremacist by Default. John Blake, CNN Enterprise , is the article\u2019s author. Blake blamed Trump voters for helping to advance white supremacy. How, you may ask? Because even the ordinary, non-racist Trump supporter was giving space for white supremacists to operate and are ultimately the reason for what took place in Charlottesville, Virginia. \u201cIt\u2019s easy to focus on the angry white men in paramilitary gear who looked like they were mobilizing for a race war in the Virginia college town,\u201d Blake wrote. \u201cBut it\u2019s the ordinary people \u2014 the voters who elected a reality TV star with a record of making racially insensitive comments, the people who move out of the neighborhood when people of color move in, the family members who ignore a relative\u2019s anti-Semitism \u2014 who give these type of men room to operate.\u201d Now, Blake is a Black man. Given the fact he is writing at CNN, would it be safe to assume he supported Barack Hussein Obama Soetoro Soebarkah? If so, would it also, given the fact of his warped logic here, be fair to use his logic against him and say that he is responsible for the violence of the knockout game, Black Lives Matter and the advancement of Black Power movements like the New Black Panthers and Louis Farrakhan\u2019s Nation of Islam? Bathroom Issues? Do This Once A Day Yeah, it makes a point, but it wouldn\u2019t be fair to say, would it? Blake was not alone in putting this piece together. He cited Mark Naison, a political activist and history professor at Fordham University in New York City, who compared Trump supporters to the \u201cnice people\u201d in Nazi Germany and Rwanda. \u201cThat was the twisted formula that made the Holocaust and Rwanda possible and allowed Jim Crow segregation to survive: Nice people looked the other way while those with an appetite for violence did the dirty work,\u201d Naison said. \u201cYou have to have millions of people who are willing to be bystanders, who push aside evidence of racism, Islamophobia or sexism. You can\u2019t have one without the other.\u201d Blake then went on to say that there are four groups of people who play a part in racial divisions in the country, based on Ms. Naison and others. \u201cMany of the white racists who marched in Charlottesville were condemned because they openly said they don\u2019t believe in integration or racial equality,\u201d Blake wrote about Trump supporters. \u201cBut millions of ordinary white Americans have been sending that message to black and brown people for at least a half a century. They send it with their actions: They don\u2019t want to live next to or send their children to school with black or brown people, historians say.\u201d Then there are those who thought Trump\u2019s comments about both sides having issues when it comes to racial hatred. \u201cTrump\u2019s \u2018many sides\u2019 response, though, wasn\u2019t that abnormal in the context of US history,\u201d wrote Blake. \u201cIt used to be the norm for white political leaders to draw a moral equivalence between racists and those who suffered from their acts of brutality, historians say. It\u2019s the \u201cyes, but\u201d rhetorical maneuver \u2014 condemn racism but add a qualifier to diminish the sincerity of what you just said.\u201d Trump\u2019s comments were spot on for anyone paying attention. Obama had stirred up racial tensions in America to the point that even Black people were saying he was doing it. Then Blake decided to list a third group. This group is those who \u201cchoose chaos.\u201d \u201cMany voters knew Trump would bring something else to the Oval Office \u2014 chaos,\u201d Blake wrote. \u201cThat\u2019s why they chose him. He\u2019s their first reality TV president, one writer says.\u201d \u201cMany voted for Trump because they liked the persona he cultivated as the star of \u2018The Apprentice,'\u201d he continued. \u201cReality TV rewards characters who say rude and reprehensible things, characters are often cast as racial stereotypes, and those who provoke the most chaos get the most attention, says Joy Lanzendorfer, author of the Vice article, \u2018How Reality TV Made Donald Trump President.'\u201d Again, he never mentions the chaos we saw across the country that was sparked by the Black Lives Matter crowds. To do that would demonstrate the hypocrisy of his article. Finally, there are those that Blake says \u201clook the other way.\u201d \u201cIf you want to know why those white racists now feel so emboldened, it may help to look at all the ordinary people around you, your neighbors, your family members, your leaders,\u201d Blake wrote. \u201cBut first, start by looking at yourself.\u201d Well, turn about is fair play. Perhaps, Mr. Blake should look in the mirror and then take a look at the lying, manipulative and deceitful propaganda outlet he is working for, then maybe, he might get a clue at just how badly he has been indoctrinated before he points the finger at people who have light skin and labels them all racist because of some delusional logic that he possesses. Mr. Blake might also wonder how he is emboldening the racism of those in his own community. Courtesy of Freedom Outpost Tim Brown is an author and Editor at FreedomOutpost.com, SonsOfLibertyMedia.com, GunsInTheNews.com and TheWashingtonStandard.com. He is husband to his \u201cmore precious than rubies\u201d wife, father of 10 \u201cmighty arrows\u201d, jack of all trades, Christian and lover of liberty. He resides in the U.S. occupied Great State of South Carolina. Tim is also an affiliate for the Joshua Mark 5 hybrid semi-automatic rifle. Follow Tim on Twitter.", "label": 1, "id": 188}
{"text": "President Donald Trump once left his son, Donald Trump Jr., stranded on a tarmac after he was five minutes late for a flight, the president's first wife Ivana Trump wrote in her new book \"Raising Trump.\" Ivana referenced the anecdote when describing a key feature of Donald and the rest of the Trump family that she learned when she and the future president first began dating. \"The entire Trump clan arrived exactly on time,\" she wrote. \"I learned early on that they were punctual to an extreme. For them, 'on time' meant five minutes early.\" \"When Donald arrived in a boardroom, or took his seat on an airplane and the door closed, that was that,\" she continued. \"If you weren't on the inside, the meeting or the flight would start without you. Donald once left Don Jr. standing on the tarmac for being five minutes late to the airport.\" Join the conversation about this story \u00bb NOW WATCH: Roger Stone explains what Trump has in common with Richard Nixon See Also: SEE ALSO: McConnell gives strongest hint yet that GOP should gut the biggest weapon Democrats have to halt Trump's judicial nominees", "label": 0, "id": 14}
{"text": "Vice President Biden defended Hillary Clinton\u2019s decision to use a private email server as secretary of state in an interview Thursday with \u201cFace the Nation\u201d moderator John Dickerson. Dickerson asked Biden about a lesson from his Grandfather Finnegan: \u201cPublic servants are obliged to level with everybody, whether or not they\u2019ll like what he, the public servant, has to say.\u201d He asked the vice president, \u201cDo you think that applies to Hillary Clinton\u2019s dealing with this private server that she set up?\u201d \u201cWell, I think it\u2019s a combination of a couple of things,\u201d Biden replied. \u201cOne, I don\u2019t think she understood the gravity of setting it up. She thought it was, \u2018This is okay to do.\u2019\u201d Clinton has said she set up her private server for the sake of convenience, but she has since acknowledged that it was a mistake and that she would use the government system if she had to do it over again. Biden further suggested that Clinton may be a bit battle-scarred from her long time in the public eye, and he said that may have contributed to her initial clumsy response to the email controversy. \u201cThis woman has been so battered over 30 years,\u201d Biden explained. \u201cI think then when faced with, \u2018This is a problem,\u2019 I think instead of just cutting it and dealing with it immediately, there\u2019s always an inclination to overthink it.\u201d The vice president also weighed in on his own future after his time in the Obama administration. \u201cI\u2019m not going away,\u201d he began. \u201cEverything from this issue of violence against women, to income inequality, to the cancer \u2018moonshot,\u2019 I\u2019m gonna devote the rest of my life to this.\u201d \u201cI have been so proud of being involved in public service that I\u2019m not sure exactly how I\u2019m gonna do it,\u201d he added, \u201cother than the structure of [the] American political system.\u201d When Dickerson asked Biden what he\u2019ll do on his final day in office, the vice president replied, \u201cWhat I\u2019m going to do is go home and begin to figure out what I do for the rest of my life.\u201d More of Dickerson\u2019s interview with the vice president will air Sunday. Check your local listings for airtimes.", "label": 0, "id": 299}
{"text": "Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and his wife, Jane Sanders have hired prominent defense attorneys amid an FBI investigation concerning possible bank fraud, according to CBS News and Politico Magazine. The investigation centers on a loan that Jane Sanders secured to expand Burlington College when she was its president. Jane Sanders allegedly distorted school donor levels in a 2010 loan application for $10 million from People's United Bank to buy 33 acres of land for the school, which shut down in 2016. Bernie Sanders told the Washington Post that the investigation would clear his wife of any wrongdoing. Rich Cassidy has reportedly been hired to represent Bernie Sanders, while high-profile Washington defense attorney Larry Robbins is reportedly representing Jane Sanders.", "label": 0, "id": 489}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton was boring and exceptionally well-prepared. Donald Trump was exciting but embarrassingly undisciplined. He began with his strongest argument \u2014 that the political class represented by her has failed us and it\u2019s time to look to a successful dealmaker for leadership \u2014 and kept to it pretty well for the first 20 minutes. Then due to the vanity and laziness that led him to think he could wing the most important 95 minutes of his life, he lost the thread of his argument, he lost control of his temper and he lost the perspective necessary to correct these mistakes as he went. Methodically and carefully, Hillary Clinton took over. Her purpose was to show she was rational and policy-driven, the kind of person who could be trusted to handle a careful and delicate job with prudence and sobriety \u2014 and that he was none of these things. And she succeeded. By the end of the 95 minutes, Trump was reduced to a sputtering mess blathering about Rosie O\u2019Donnell and about how he hasn\u2019t yet said the mean things about Hillary that he is thinking. Most important, he set ticking time bombs for himself over the next six weeks. As she hammered him on his tax returns, he handed her an inestimable gift by basically saying he pays no federal taxes despite his billions \u2014 and moreover, that if he had done so, it would have been \u201csquandered\u201d anyway. By the end of the 95 minutes, Trump was reduced to a sputtering mess blathering about Rosie O\u2019Donnell and about how he hasn\u2019t yet said the mean things about Hillary that he is thinking. That\u2019s not going to go away, nor is her suggestion that his refusal to release his returns is the result of his either not being as rich as he says or not being as charitable as he claims. Clinton quoted him saying in 2006 that he hoped for a housing meltdown because it would provide buying opportunities and thereby goaded him into saying \u201cthat\u2019s called business, by the way.\u201d To which she quickly replied that 9 million people lost their jobs and 5 million lost their homes in the housing meltdown he was so excited about. Blammo. His reply to Hillary\u2019s recitation of the fact he\u2019d begun his career settling a Justice Department lawsuit about racial discrimination in Trump housing was that there was \u201cno admission of guilt,\u201d which is the sort of thing the villain said at the end of \u201cLA Law\u201d and sounded no better in real life. Even when he could have taken her down, he was so incompetent he didn\u2019t go for it. A question about cybersecurity was the perfect opportunity to hammer Clinton on her outrageous mishandling of classified information. Instead, he went into a bizarre digression in which he alternately wondered whether his son Barron might grow up to become a hacker and defended Vladimir Putin from the accusation Russia had tapped into the Democratic National Committee\u2019s emails (which the FBI says almost certainly happened). That has to count as the biggest choke of his political life. By the time the last 15 minutes rolled around, he was reduced to yammering about Rosie O\u2019Donnell being mean to him and Hillary running mean commercials about him and praising himself because there are some really terrible things he could have said about Hillary but hasn\u2019t. By this point, even his smart closing zinger \u2014 \u201cshe has experience but it\u2019s bad experience\u201d \u2014 was buried inside a weird word salad that reduced its effectiveness to almost nil. His supporters should be furious with him, and so should the public in general. By performing this incompetently, by refusing to prepare properly for this exchange, by not learning enough to put meat on the bones of his populist case against Clinton, he displayed nothing but contempt for the people who have brought him this far \u2014 and for the American people who are going to make this momentous decision on Nov. 8.", "label": 1, "id": 108}
{"text": "Medical science is constantly making cancer breakthroughs, however there\u2019s an extensive process to bring treatments to the public. After making a discovery in the lab and performing tests, there are human clinical trials that require oversight by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before approval. That being said, there are some promising new treatments (with some currently still in the investigational stages) targeting cancer, and they could prove valuable to millions of patients in the U.S. and beyond in the future. Here are six experimental cancer treatments that are catching attention from the medical world\u2026 1. Hyperthermia Therapy BestMedicalDegrees.com outlines this experimental use of heat to target tumors. This technique can zero in on specific areas or heat the whole body, which will break down protein cells within a tumor and cause them to die, notes the source. While the treatment can potentially blast away existing cells, it could also help prevent new ones from forming. \u201cHyperthermia Therapy is very exciting because, if it turns out to be a viable treatment, this will destroy the cancerous tumors from the inside out and hinder its ability to infect more healthy cells,\u201d adds the source. 2. Cellular Adoptive Immunotherapy Also called adoptive cell transfer, the experimental technique aims to improve the ability of a patient\u2019s natural T-cells (lymphocytes for immunity) to fight cancer, according to the National Cancer Institute. Doctors can take the best and most active T-cells that have invaded a tumor and extract them to multiply in a lab \u2013 the patient\u2019s immune cells are then wiped out and the lab-grown cells are re-infused back to them, it adds. There are variations of this treatment, and the first use of it targeted metastatic melanoma, which can spread quickly through the body. Modified T-cells are also being looked at to treat other solid tumors as well as hematologic cancers (cancers of the blood), it adds. 3. Molecularly Targeted Therapy ABC News says in an article that this therapy consists of drugs that are aimed at destroying only specific cancer cells, without negatively affecting healthy cells as many existing treatments do. \u201cThus, people taking the drugs too often suffer horrible side effects on top of whatever havoc the cancer itself is already wreaking,\u201d notes the source. ABC says the leading drug in this new therapy is called Glivec (or STI571). It is designed to treat a specific form a leukemia called chronic myeloid leukemia, which has about 7,0 new cases per year in the U.S., adds the source. \u201cDoctors are extremely hopeful that the drug could provide a model for similar drugs to treat cancers affecting many thousands more people,\u201d it notes. 4. TNFR2-targeting Antibodies The National Cancer Institute detailed a potential new cancer therapy in early 2017, which looks to target ovarian cancer cells. The basics are that tumor cells \u201cexpress\u201d a protein called TNFR2, which can prevent a patient\u2019s natural immune system from attacking a tumor. Researchers have developed new antibodies that target TNFR2, as well as having the ability to kill ovarian cancer cells, thus \u201ckilling two birds with one stone,\u201d notes the source. The team found that ovarian cancer cells express an abnormal level of TNFR2 that can promote tumor growth \u2013 and the source points out other types of cancers, such as colon and kidney cancer, also show unusual TNFR2 production. 5. Tumor Treating Fields This therapy, which the American Brain Tumor Association said was recently approved by the FDA for glioblastoma (an aggressive brain cancer), usually follows surgery and radiation therapy, adds the source. It involves ceramic discs called transducer arrays to deliver electromagnetic energy to the scalp. \u201cThese electrical fields exert selective toxicity in proliferating cells thereby halting cell division and destroying the cancer cells,\u201d notes the source. While the treatment is used in conjunction with oral chemotherapy drugs for glioblastoma (GBM), it can be used on its own to target recurrent (returning) GBM when other options have been exhausted, according to the source. 6. Virus Therapy Usually, having a virus is a bad thing. However, this therapy essentially involves introducing a virus to cancer cells that leave healthy cells alone, notes StandUp2Cancer.org. The virus only seeks out cancer cells due to their genetic mutation that normal cells don\u2019t have, it explains. One treatment in particular is called Reolysin, developed by a Canadian biotechnology company, notes the source. The site notes that almost 300-patients \u201cwith various forms of cancer\u201d in Canada, the U.S. and the U.K. have been treated with this therapy, which infects cancer cells and causes them to explode. Apparently, side effects (such as a low-grade fever) are a lot milder than those associated with chemotherapy and radiation, it adds.", "label": 0, "id": 140}
{"text": "Metal Man is the easiest second easiest third easiest Robot Master from Mega Man 2, AKA the Best Mega Man game ever. Dr. Wily made Metal Man for combat purposes. But since Wily is stupid enough to model Metal Man after Cut Man, Metal Man is weak to the Mega Buster. But he never really died. He is now figuring out his revenge alongside Quick Man against Mega Man (And Air Man). You'll figure it out. Metal Man's real name was Harper Jose, a Hispanic dentist. Metal Man, although the coolest ever Robot Master, literally can't beat Air Man, due to Air Man being immune to uber weapons. Interestingly, Metal Man and Shadow Man are very similar, as they are the coolest Robot Masters in their respective games (although Metal Man is arguable, given the majority of RMs in 2 are awesome), weak to their own weapons, which are cutter weapons made of metal, and neither of their weapons can touch Air Man and are strong against Bubble Man.", "label": 0, "id": 39}
{"text": "Writing in the Yorkshire Post, Sir Bernard Ingham warned Donald Trump that Russian President Vladimir Putin would not be \u201ccontained by sweet talk\u201d. He also told the President-elect he was \u201cAmerica\u2019s people\u2019s idea of the best of a bad job\u201d. Donald Trump was asked to show some humility by Sir Bernard Ingham The president-elect has a chance to bring about world peace Sir Bernard, who was the former Prime Minister\u2019s press secretary from 1979 to 1990 warned Mr Trump could not succeed by ignoring US debt and hoping to \u201cbomb Islamic terrorism out of existence\u201d. He wrote: \u201cYou need to convince people that what is good for Americans would be good for them, too. Sir Ingham was an aide to PM Thatcher \u201cYou will only do that if America becomes happier with itself. \u201cYou will be considered a great president if, at the end of your first term, the world is more stable and prosperous than you found it on taking the oath.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 420}
{"text": "President Obama won't just be handing over the keys to the Oval Office in January \u2014 he will also be relinquishing the all-important @POTUS Twitter account. Obama is the first sitting president to join Twitter, making this transition unprecedented. However, there's already a plan for what happens next. On January 20, 2017, when either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton takes office, they'll gain access to the @POTUS account and its 11 million followers, according to Twitter. The National Archives and Records Administration will also archive other Twitter handles, including @WhiteHouse, @VP, and @PressSec, according to Twitter. One big question mark is what will happen to the @FLOTUS Twitter account. While it's also included in the transition, it's possible Twitter may need to change that to @FMOTUS come January 20 if we elect our first female president.", "label": 0, "id": 285}
{"text": "News Modal Trigger Getty Images Alex Jones and his conspiracy-obsessed website InfoWars prompted a series of disruptions at pro-Clinton rallies this week by offering $5,0 to anyone who can be heard shouting \u201cBill Clinton is a rapist.\u201d During an event in Greensboro, NC, on Tuesday night, President Obama was bombarded by protesters who donned shirts with slogans accusing the ex-president of rape. \u201cThose folks are auditioning for a reality show,\u201d Obama joked at the hecklers. \u201cGet your own rally!\u201d POTUS repeatedly barked. \u201cIf you can\u2019t get your own rally, don\u2019t come mess up somebody else\u2019s rally.\u201d Jones, an avid Donald Trump supporter, has been offering up the bounty to Bill-bashers for about a week now. His supporters have since been spotted at Hillary events in Miami and Wisconsin, where the former president was targeted during an appearance in Milwaukee Saturday. The typically-jovial Arkansan looked visibly rattled when a protester shouted \u201crapist\u201d at him during a discussion about the billionaire candidate\u2019s position on global warming. \u201cNo one can dispute the fact,\u201d Clinton said about climate change, after which the person in the audience added: \u201cThat you\u2019re a rapist!\u201d After several uncomfortable seconds, the former commander-in-chief began laughing and smiling. \u201cYou gotta feel sorry for them. They had a bad day yesterday,\u201d he said, in reference to Friday\u2019s video leak in which Trump was caught speaking crudely about women. It was not clear if Jones has actually made good on his $5,0 offer. An InfoWars spokesman told The Post on Wednesday night that at least 13 \u201csuccessful participants\u201d had so far come forward to claim their $5,0 prize. However, many people who participated had still not contacted the site for their payouts as of 9:30 p.m. The spokesman added that none of the protesters had been paid yet and that checks were set to be mailed at the end of the week. According to the website, the \u201cBill Clinton Rape\u201d offer will be running through the election, or until $100,0 in prizes have been given out.", "label": 0, "id": 86}
{"text": "President Donald Trump walks across the South Lawn as he arrives at the White House in Washington, Sunday, Jan. 7, 2018, after traveling from Camp David, Md. (AP Harnik) President Trump fired back at North Korea\u2019s taunt, claiming that his nuclear button is bigger and better than Kim Jong Un\u2019s. The administration also cut aid to Pakistan, citing its protection of terrorists, and Trump took aim at former White House strategist Steve Bannon, after the release of a bombshell book.", "label": 0, "id": 554}
{"text": "As seen on Watters' World 'More Scandalous Than We Can Fathom': Huckabee Goes Off on Clinton Foundation RPT: Aggressive Protesters Push, Spit on Trump Supporters at Fundraiser Trump: 'Obama Ought to Get Off the Golf Course' and Go to Louisiana Flood Zone On last night's \"Watters' World\" special, Jesse Watters dropped by New York City's Dominican Day Parade to learn about Dominican culture and to ask revelers about Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and the 2016 race. \"Are you guys out here celebrating or are you just looking for girls?\" My vote is for Hillary Clinton, because I think she represents women. \"Bill Clinton represents women too.\" To be honest, Trump doesn't know how to make up his mind. \"Yeah, most men don't.\" You don't like Trump or Hillary. what about me? Watch more the \"Watters' World\" clip above. 'Low-Level Simpleton': Thief Leaves Nasty Note After Stealing Man's Trump Sign", "label": 0, "id": 259}
{"text": "The hotel security guard wounded in the Las Vegas mass shooting has been arrested as an accomplice to that event. Fake news web sites capitalized on the tragedy of the 1 October 2017 mass shooting event in Las Vegas by proffering various unfounded conspiracy theories as \u201cnews,\u201d particularly those positing that a \u201csecond shooter\u201d took part in the carnage in additional to the one who rained bullets onto a concert crowd from a room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel. In particular, fake news sites focused on Jesus Campos, the Mandalay Bay security guard who reportedly went to investigate a door alarm on the 32nd floor and was wounded in the leg when the shooter fired an estimated 200 bullets through his hotel room door. Those sites initially reported (without any evidence) that Campos was not an innocent victim wounded in the course of his duties, but was actually suspected of being an accomplice in the mass shooting. On 12 October 2017, an impostor CNN lookalike web site doubled down on that tidbit of fake news by posting an article holding that Campos (whose name was repeatedly misspelled as \u201cCompos\u201d) was not only suspected of being an accomplice to the shooting, but had actually been arrested on the grounds that he, too, shot at concert-goers from the Mandalay Bay\u2019s 32nd floor suite \u2014 and then shot the real perpetrator in the head (fatally) and himself in the arm (superficially) to provide cover for his actions: Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Compos has been arrested accused of being an accomplice and second shooter in the Las Vegas massacre that claimed the lives of 59 people and injured more than 500. Jesus Campos had originally been praised for his apparent heroics on October 1st, as he supposedly rushed to Paddock\u2019s suite, was shot in the upper thigh through the door, and continued to help get people to safety despite his wounds. However, FBI officials involved in the investigation now believe he was an accomplice of Paddock\u2019s, and was involved in the initial shooting as a second gunman from the other broken window in Paddock\u2019s 32nd-floor room. According to a senior FBI official, authorities became suspicions by the extreme amount of gunpowder residue found on Campos\u2019 hands and inconsistencies in his timeline of events. \u201cWe believe he killed [the shooter], shot holes through the door and his own arm to produce physical evidence for his cover story, then went and lay next to the elevator,\u201d the FBI official told CNN. Although some confusion remains, as of this writing, about the precise timing of when Campos was wounded relative to the onset of the larger mass shooting rampage, law enforcement has not at any time suggested that Campos was an accomplice to that mass shooting, much less taken him into custody on that basis. Snopes.com has long been engaged in the battle against misinformation, an effort we could not sustain without the support of our readers. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support us, click here.", "label": 0, "id": 564}
{"text": "Here\u2019s one thing we can all say for certain regarding the latest twist of the Hillary Clinton email scandal: James Comey, who was once regarded as the Eliot Ness of law enforcement, a modern day straight-shooter impenetrable to political pressure, will instead leave the office of FBI chief as something closer to Inspector Clouseau. Don\u2019t take my word for it; that\u2019s the assessment of just about every law enforcement official, both former and present, I spoke to in the hours following his bizarre decision on Friday to reopen the case on the legality of Hillary Clinton\u2019s email server, just days before the Nov 8 presidential election. It was bizarre, these people tell me, because the whole sordid Hillary Clinton email saga should never have gotten this far; Comey launched an investigation that developed far more evidence than anyone in law enforcement ever believed existed that Hillary Clinton broke the laws involving the receipt of sensitive government documents over an easily hacked private email server while she was President Obama\u2019s secretary of state. My sources in law enforcement were pretty convinced Comey would do the right thing and recommend charges to the Obama Justice Department, despite its political consequence, because the evidence was there and Comey was supposed to be so non political. He was a Republican appointed by Democrat Barack Obama to run a quasi independent investigative arm of the DOJ because he had a fierce independent streak. He famously brought white-collar cases during the pro-business Bush Administration as the US Attorney for the Southern District. Later in a senior position in the Bush DOJ, he refused to approve aspects of the government's domestic surveillance program. But there appears to be limits to Comey's independence, these same people now concede. In July, Comey came up with an odd excuse for not recommending criminal charges against Clinton: He couldn\u2019t develop enough evidence that Clinton intended to break the law under the standard of \u201cgross negligence.\u201d It was such an odd set rationale that Comey laid out for not bringing that case that most people listening to him at first thought he was laying out his reasoning to bring charges, as he explained one reckless move after another from Clinton in establishing the private server and private emails for handing all her government business. Indeed he initially laid out such a convincingly damning case against Clinton that markets began to crash for much of Comey\u2019s tortured remarks as investors initially came to the conclusion that Hillary Clinton would be indicted and someone as crazy as Donald Trump could become president. That didn\u2019t happen, of course, as Comey would explain -- and the markets that day recovered as he announced how Hillary Clinton may have done something criminal even if she never intended to do it and as a result he was giving her pass. Note to reader: Markets will take criminal over crazy any day of the week. But that wasn't the sentiment inside the FBI, where according to my law enforcement sources, a near mutiny broke out among career agents who believe there was plenty of evidence pointing to Clinton's gross negligence that Comey initially said never existed, and that their boss caved to political pressure from the Obama DOJ. Recall, Attorney General Loretta Lynch just had a private meeting with former president and possible first husband Bill Clinton just days before Comey handed in his verdict, which added to the fetid smell of the FBI chief's decision. Then there was the evidence: Remember, Clinton has never given much of a rationale for using only a private email account via her own server to send and receive state department related emails other than its convenience, which should never outweigh national security. Meanwhile, career agents argued her intent was inherent in simple creation of the private email server and exclusive use of a private email is supposed to be verboten under various laws including the Espionage Act. Her supporters point out that others like Bush Administration Secretary of State Colin Powell used a private email account, but that omits the fact that Powell\u2019s email was from a computer he kept at the state department and he used it before the document laws were beefed up post 9-11. He also didn\u2019t go through the process of creating his own easily hacked private server. Another difference: Clinton used her private account exclusively, and Powell didn\u2019t. That\u2019s probably because Powell didn\u2019t have a reason to have a private server that he could control and erase its contents; He didn\u2019t have a private charity that would do business with the federal government and would become a private enrichment vehicle, as Hillary and her former-president husband Bill have in the form of the Clinton Foundation. Now we have Comey possibly looking to make amends with his troops, possibly looking to cover his rear end, definitely looking incompetent, because of all people Anthony Weiner, the disgraced former Congressman, and soon-to-be ex husband of Hillary Clinton confident, Huma Abedin. FBI agents, investigating Weiner\u2019s alleged depravity with an underage girl, stumbled across some more Hillary-related emails from Abedin, and as we learned Friday an investigation that was \"closed\" is now suddenly open. I say closed in quotes to underscore the murkiness of FBI investigative procedures. Cases are rarely officially closed and even when they are the bureau will leave the door open that additional information would re-ignite their efforts. If you think this story could get any more surreal consider the following: law enforcement sources tell Fox Business that Weiner could soon cooperate with the Feds, and that can\u2019t be good news for his wife or her boss. (an attorney for Anthony Weiner tells Fox News there is no cooperation agreement in place) Weiner, I am told, was miffed at the Clinton\u2019s for keeping him away from the campaign before his latest sexting episode. Now facing a possible prison term for alleged dealings with an underage girl he has even more incentive to cooperate against his soon-to-be ex-wife and the Clintons. I can't tell you whether the new emails will reach Comey's standard for gross negligence, but that's really besides the point. The country could have been spared this spectacle if he had just done the right thing in July and recommended a charge against Clinton. Then the Democrats could have regrouped and given the nomination to Bernie Sanders or Joe Biden or someone who doesn't stand a chance of being indicted or impeached if elected. Yes if Hillary Clinton manages to win, she will be a sitting duck for every GOP investigative committee, particularly as the odds grow the Republicans will now keep the House and possibly the Senate. If you thought the last eight years were contentious, you ain't seen nothing yet. Thank you, James Comey.", "label": 1, "id": 400}
{"text": "\u201cThe problem is that the Democrats have something going for them that those on the other side simply don\u2019t seem to be able to do. They know their enemy. They know how to manipulate the Republicans in office to give the left everything they want.\u201d The military taught me at an early age that one must know their enemy. This adage does not simply pertain to combat either. In all facets of your life, you must always endeavor to see things from the perspective of others. Not only does this allow you to empathize with them, but it also shows you the way to gain the tactical advantage. The greatest pundit of this would have to be Sun Tzu, an ancient Chinese warlord who wrote the book The Art of War. This book is one of the best books on strategy ever written. This strategy goes far beyond the confines of combat, however. He spends a great deal of time discussing how war is mostly a mental game, explaining that force is simply one facet within an expansive set of options. One of my favorite quotes is, \u201cIf you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.\u201d I do this very well. In fact, I do it too well. Just ask my wife. I know how I argue and I know how she argues, and I use this knowledge to my advantage every time. It is not intentional at this point, just something that has been ingrained into me. So at the end of the day, I can respect an adversary who is capable of truly manipulating a situation to gain the psychological advantage. It is for this reason that I must tip my hat to the Democratic party as a whole. I try very hard to be honest regardless of which side of the political aisle you may be on. When someone does something wrong, I will call them out for it. Typically, this is very easy to do with the Democrats, as virtually everything about their platform goes against what I believe the Constitution stands for. With that being said, I must also recognize when my enemy is gaining the advantage through manipulation; while I may not agree with their methods, I have to respect and be impressed with their results. Consider this\u2014the Democrats have for the past eight years seen a huge loss in political power. According to Fox News, the total loss of Democrat-held elected positions as of December 2016 was 1,042. In fact, during the Obama reign, they went from 55 to 46 Senate seats and from 256 to 194 House seats at the federal level. Things didn\u2019t improve at the state level, with the number of Democratic governors going from 28 to 16 and a total loss of 958 legislative seats. No compatible source was found for this video. There is only one way to look at these numbers\u2014a complete and total repudiation of liberal policies and beliefs. What made this even funnier at the time was how the Democrats then doubled down on their divisiveness. A great example is when Sally Brown, DNC Chair hopeful, stated that, \u201cMy job is to listen and be a voice and shut other white people down when they want to interrupt\u2026We have to teach [others] how to communicate, how to be sensitive and how to shut their mouths if they are white.\u201d Or even when Howard Dean said that hate speech wasn\u2019t protected speech. My favorite, though, was when Tom Perez, Democratic National Committee chair, said that if you wanted to be a Democrat, you had to be pro-choice. However, what was originally funny to me quickly curdled into shock. The problem is that the Democrats have something going for them that those on the other side simply don\u2019t seem to be able to do. They know their enemy. They know how to manipulate the Republicans in office to give the left everything they want. I would never have believed that this was possible. The Republicans own both houses of Congress and had the overwhelming support of the American people. They were elected into office to enact the items that they ran on: defunding planned parenthood, repealing Obamacare, enacting tax reform, and building a wall. What did they accomplish out of that? Nothing! To make it even worse, they showed their incompetence by releasing Obamacare version 2.0. How is it possible for a party to have the majority control at both the state and national levels and yet not be able to enact the very legislation that it ran on? The answer to that is the Democratic party. Not only were they able to keep the Republicans from moving on their platform, they now get to pass the buck on the failure of Obamacare to the Republicans. Now, in a continuing show of their exceptional ability to control the government even when not in power, they have managed to have special council appointed to look into the Russian involvement in the election cycle. This ensures that even though there has been no evidence to suggest that the Trump administration did anything illegal, the question remains front and center over his presidency. They were even able to avoid the same scrutiny within their own party, where there were a plethora of potentially illegal actions that were swept under the rug. I hate to say it, but my hat is off to you, Democratic party. You have managed to ensure the catastrophic collapse of the party who won control of the country due to your failed policies. So how is it possible that they were able to do this? The answer is simply that they actually believe in their cause. This has both helped and hurt them. Wanting an America with less freedom and constricted liberties does not sell well. At the end of the day, there is only so much crazy talk the populace can endure without finally shutting you down. However, when you truly believe in your cause, the elected posts are secondary to what your message is. This is not true for the Republicans, who clearly covet power over the interest of the country. They are so worried about keeping their control that they would turn on their own principals to protect themselves. Knowing this allows the left to continue to move their position and policies forward, even when not in power, and the right is doing the same thing that they always do. They are sitting by and watching out of fear that they will be blamed. The typical Republican politician is clearly not capable of real leadership. Real leadership inspires those around them and rallies them under a single banner. The sad thing is that in this case, this was the banner that the American people elected their officials to turn into reality. If the Republicans do not figure this out quickly, they are setting themselves up for more than just a loss. They are looking at a complete shakeup of their party. Maybe that is what is needed, though. Maybe this is actually for the best. I remember right before retiring telling my son that there comes a point in every career when you are no longer able to bend and adapt. You have grown too complacent in your ways and view new ideas and thoughts as a threat to your existence. It is at this point that you have become the dinosaur. I am pretty sure that at this point, what the party needs is an extinction-level event, and the Democrats are more than willing to lead us to that well.", "label": 1, "id": 269}
{"text": "Appearing on NBC\u2019s \u201cMeet the Press\u201d, former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway called on President Obama and Secretary Hillary Clinton to calm protests that have broken out in opposition to Donald Trump\u2019s election as president. Referencing thousands of protesters outside Trump Tower in Manhattan, chanting \u201cNot my president\u201d, Conway said \u201cI think it\u2019s time for them to give this man a chance, too.\u201d According to Conway, President-Elect Trump has already addressed the protesters and \u201che will continue to address them. He\u2019s going to be the president of all people.\u201d But, she added, \u201cThis is a two-way street.\u201d \u201cIt\u2019s time really for President Obama and Secretary Clinton to say to these protesters: \u2018This man is our president,\u2019\u201d Conway continued. Conway cited what she claimed was media hypocrisy, saying that if Hillary Clinton had won and \u201cif there were two Donald Trump protesters somewhere, people would be freaking out that his supporters were not accepting the election results.\u201d Speculation has already begun about what President-Elect Trump\u2019s administration will look like, especially who will serve as his Chief of Staff in the White House. Conway commented on reports RNC Chair Reince Priebus and Trump Campaign CEO Steve Bannon are the top candidates being considered for the post. While she said both will \u201chave big roles in a Trump administration\u201d, she particularly highlighted what she sees as Bannon\u2019s qualifications for the job. \u201cI think having worked with him and known him, Steve Bannon, in this particular campaign, was the general. And he is much more the Goldman Sachs managing partner and much more the naval officer, I think, than people realize. That\u2019s a big part of his background.\u201d Conway denied that Bannon, who also served as editor of conservative site Breitbart, would come to Washington to proverbially \u201cburn it down.\u201d Finally, Conway commented on recent reports that Hillary Clinton partially blamed her loss in the election on FBI Director James Comey. While calling Secretary Clinton \u201ca woman of enormous gifts and talents\u201d, Conway said \u201cI just can\u2019t believe it\u2019s always somebody else\u2019s fault. Sometimes you just have to take a look in the mirror and reflect on what went wrong.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 281}
{"text": "Seal poses before signing copies of his album \"7\" at Barnes &amp; Noble at The Grove on November 18, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. (Matt Images) Singer Seal is calling out critics for suggesting he attacked Oprah Winfrey over her relationship with Harvey Weinstein, insisting he was speaking out against hypocrisy in Hollywood. The Kiss From a Rose star came under fire earlier this week after he took to Instagram to question Oprah\u2019s friendship with the disgraced producer, writing. \u201cOh I forgot, that\u2019s right\u2026 you\u2019d heard the rumours but you had no idea he was actually serially assaulting young stary-eyed (sic) actresses who in turn had no idea what they were getting into. My bad,\u201d he snapped, adding a meme featuring Oprah and Harvey at events together. But now the singer insists he wasn\u2019t trying to discredit Winfrey. \u201cNow let\u2019s get straight to it,\u201d he says in a new video posted on Facebook. \u201cLet me start by saying that I have an enormous amount of respect for everything that Oprah has achieved and contributed in her life.\u201d \u201cWhat I re-posted was not an attack on Oprah at all,\u201d he adds. \u201cShe just happened to be the person photographed with the pig (Weinstein) in the picture. No, what I re-posted was commentary on the hypocritical and double standard nature and behaviour of Hollywood\u2026\u201d In his message, Seal also slams actress Stacey Dash for tweeting a link to an article about Seal\u2019s original post and writing, \u201cOuch, he does make a good point though.\u201d \u201cAnd Stacey Dash, keep my name out of your mouth,\u201d he continues. \u201cDo not re-tweet, re-quote anything I have said in order to reinforce your self-hating agenda\u2026 Again, this was not an attack against Oprah. This was an observation of the toxic nature of Hollywood and I believe that a conscious people are a progressive people\u2026\u201d Oprah addressed the Weinstein sex scandal on her Facebook account late last year, writing: \u201cI\u2019ve been processing the accounts of Harvey Weinstein\u2019s hideous behavior and haven\u2019t been able to find the words to articulate the magnitude of the situation.\u201d More than 80 women, including Mira Sorvino, Rose McGowan, Ashley Judd, and Gwyneth Paltrow, have now accused the disgraced studio boss of inappropriate behaviour, assault, rape, and misconduct. Weinstein maintains that while he may have behaved badly in the past he has never forced a woman to have sex with him.", "label": 0, "id": 248}
{"text": "\u201cIt is painfully obvious that the communism lovers in our institutions of higher education have had the run of the asylum and wreaked havoc.\u201d Many liberal talking heads have made a big deal out of the supposed demographic wave facing Republicans and conservatives as the nation morphs into a more diverse population. Growth rates amongst minorities have begun to exceed those of whites. The narrative goes like this \u2014 as the white, European-based population diminishes, America will become less conservative and more socialist, demanding more and more free stuff. The rich will just have to pay for it \u2014 in other words, the takers will get more from the makers. While the demographic trend may be true, the pre-conceived outcome is anything but. I\u2019m not one to forecast a \u2018conservative century\u2019, but I will say the notion that the up-and-coming generation largely believes in socialism is a falsehood. First of all, many minority groups have historically held conservative values. Although this trend has diminished to some extent, due to the brainwashing and self-imposed victimization of minority youth, it has not gone away entirely. Hispanics go to church; they believe in hard work. I\u2019ve know many Hispanic businessmen and families who are angry at the open border crowd pushing for illegal immigration and benefits for millions of undocumented immigrants. They did not go through the process legally as many immigrants have and this annoys successful minority entrepreneurs. There is also the fact that \u2018Obamanomics\u2019 and social welfare policies did nothing to help the minority groups he promised to assist. Aside from increasing dependency on government, every other statistic for prosperity for minorities went down. No compatible source was found for this video. Many minorities are starting to see this. I recently overheard one minority veteran tell someone at the VA that the government aid was helpful but what he really needed was a job. Trump is right \u2014 the dignity of work is a beautiful thing to behold. The election of President Donald J. Trump has been a game changer when considering the political support for one side of the spectrum. The identity politics of the Left has done nothing but cause election losses. That is a fact. The white, working-class, middle-American will be missing for a long time in the Democratic Party. Hillary Clinton made it perfectly clear that the Left did not care about flyover country during the election. The overt racism of Black Lives Matter and other minority hate groups has further cemented this condition. What does the Left offer the hard-working American? It doesn\u2019t offer a job. It doesn\u2019t offer dignity. It just offers derision of other Americans and government dependency. This is not what American wants \u2014 hence the election of Donald Trump. Trump sure has delivered, on his promises that is. Jobs are being created; economic optimism is soaring; plants are opening; coal mines are being dug; and business investment is growing again. I read today that Trump will push for America to be the energy capital of the world. The optimism is only going to grow. The business climate is only going to get better. Americans have seen the results of a decade of socialist, liberal, culturally Marxist policies, and they don\u2019t like it. But most of all, the policies don\u2019t work. All Obama and his minions brought to the table was failure, massive failure. Failure in government, failure in the economy, failure in foreign policy and national security, and failure in the ability of a citizen to realize the American dream. Americans have had enough. Of course, there will always be those who choose to be dependent on government and live off the largess of others. But my gut tells me as Trump makes America great again, many of those people will see the light and actually get a job. The younger generation, who is now moving to college age and called Generation Z, have seen all of this happen. They have seen their parents struggle. They have seen their parents lose their dignity. They have seen their parents becoming dependent on the local commissar for a handout. They will also see the opposite \u2014 they will see the fruits of capitalism. They will see factories open. They will feel the optimism. There will be no where else to attribute this change in circumstances except to Trump and conservative policies. America is becoming one big learning lab for its younger citizens. In addition to the national policies changing the face of America, there will be changes in our university and educational systems. We are at the zenith of cultural Marxism right now in this country. It is painfully obvious that the communism lovers in our institutions of higher education have had the run of the asylum and wreaked havoc. There will be changes here. I don\u2019t know what form it will take or how it will happen, but the groundswell of public outrage and alumni queasiness about the lack of freedom of speech on campus is coming to a head. There will be consequences. It is not okay for speech to be restricted anywhere in our educational process. It is not okay for due process to be withheld from male victims of rape accusations. It is not okay for tenured professors to spew racist and communist propaganda at our young people. This will change, I am confident of it. The pendulum is slowly starting to swing the other way. Generation Z will face a smaller sea of Neo-Bolsheviks as they enter college. This is a good thing. There was a study released recently which delved into the political beliefs and tendencies of Generation Z as they move to take the place of the Millennial generation. There could not be a more striking divide between the \u2018live in your parent\u2019s basement\u2019 generation and the new group coming of age. The study concluded that Generation Z is the most conservative since the end of World War II. This is a stunning revelation and I believe it is due to the factors I have outlined above. They have been able to observe the two different views of the world, the two ways of living your life as a taker and a maker. They want to be the latter. Perhaps it is deeper and more simple than that. Perhaps they have seen that the Democratic Party \u2014 the Left, the \u2018progressives,\u2019 the cultural Marxists, the racists, whatever you want to call this rag-tag opposition to President Trump and Make America Great Again \u2014 have nothing to offer that will make their lives more successful or fulfilling. Perhaps Generation Z has seen with their own eyes that the Democratic Party is nothing more than a huge, stinking mountain of organized crime, that desires to steal from other\u2019s hard work and vision. Maybe that is why even the term \u2018hard work\u2019 is now deemed a \u2018micro aggression\u2019 by these idiots. Yes, I believe that America is about to experience a generation of success and prosperity, driven by a reawakening of conservative principles. Before the election, I did a book signing in a hotel near an airport. The young manager of the place was an Indian man. He came over and started asking me questions from time-to-time when the crowd thinned down. The conversation quickly turned to politics and he guardedly asked me my opinions on Trump and Hillary \u2014 I gave them to him. As I was packing my things to leave an hour or so later, he came over and quietly informed me that he was voting for Trump. \u201cMy family did things legally,\u201d he declared, \u201cI can\u2019t stand the Democrats.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 272}
{"text": "President Trump gives a thumbs-up after speaking to reporters before boarding Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House. (AP Walsh) (Newser) \u2013 President Trump defended Michael Flynn on Monday by invoking Hillary Clinton. While speaking to reporters, the president said he felt \"very badly for Flynn\" and declared that the FBI treated the former national security adviser much more harshly than it did Clinton. \"Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI,\" said Trump, per Politico. \"Nothing happened to her. Flynn lied, and they destroyed his life. I think it's a shame.\" He specifically referenced Clinton's grilling by the FBI over her email server in July 2015. \"It was the most incredible thing anyone's ever seen,\" said Trump. \"She lied many times, nothing happened to her. Flynn lied and it's like they ruined his life. It's very unfair.\u201d As USA Today points out, former FBI chief James Comey testified to the contrary before Congress. \"We have no basis to conclude she lied to the FBI,\" Comey said in July 2016, when he still ran the agency. There's no such gray area on Flynn: He admitted lying to the FBI in his plea agreement. (Controversy over a presidential tweet on the subject continues.)", "label": 0, "id": 24}
{"text": "Not too long ago we wrote about KFC following 11 people on Twitter: The five Spice Girls and six guys named Herb (including UFC referee Herb Dean). That\u2019s right, six herbs and five spices! If you missed the article, check it out here. Well the gentleman that noticed this (@edgette22 on Twitter) has now been rewarded. You might think that the obvious choice would be a life supply of KFC right? Wrong\u2026 that\u2019s not KFC\u2019s style. What do you know, that\u2019s Edge being given a piggyback ride by the Colnel himself! A work of art yes, a strange gift\u2026 also yes. But wow KFC\u2019s marketing team are inventive. People on Twitter went mad for this of course! Edge had also been the victim of some controversy surrounding the whole debacle, so this will come as a welcome treat. What do you think? Images via: Twitter / @edgette22", "label": 0, "id": 629}
{"text": "Shoutout To This Father-Son Duo Who Avenged Their \u2019s Death By Kidnapping And Kicking The Shit Out Of Her Heroin Hookup Until He Named Names Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at Turtleboysports@gmail.com for more information. Trashlive: Hours after a 32-year-old woman from Western Massachusetts fatally overdosed in Rhode Island on Monday, her father and brother were arrested in what police are calling a kidnapping and attack on her suspected heroin hookup. Police arrived on Baldwin Hill Road in the small Berkshire County town of Egremont around 4:15 p.m. to find the late woman\u2019s father allegedly choking and striking a struggling man while his son helped hold down his arms. Both father and son were \u201cscreaming different versions of \u2018you killed my [expletive] daughter\u2019 and \u2018you killed my [expletive] sister,'\u201d according to a report by Egremont Police Officer Hans Carlson, obtained Friday by MassLive. The man was able to escape the slow-moving van on Baldwin Hill Road, whereupon both Lombardis allegedly followed him out and continued the attack, which residents of the street observed and reported to police, who intervened in a quick response. I don\u2019t normally condone vigilantism, but at the same time, we\u2019re living in a state filled to the brim with Deval Patrick judges that let scumbags out onto the street time and time again. Some times you just gotta do what you gotta do. Nah mean? Big shoutout to this father and son duo who realized that this was the only way they were going to receive any sort of satisfaction. There\u2019s no way the idiot they kidnapped ever saw it coming either. There\u2019s a reason it was just the son that was supposed to show up. The Dad looks like he done killed 4-5 people before. Plus his name is Ralph. I don\u2019t fuck with guys named Ralph who wear shirts like that. That\u2019s just common sense. Meanwhile the son appears to be your average Berkshire hippie jock who is no stranger to craft beer festivals: Never in a million years did the \u201cvictim\u201d think that guy right there was gonna kidnap him in a van and waterboard him to kingdom come until he named names. I\u2019ve said it before and I\u2019ll say it again \u2013 there is no one more gutless than a heroin dealer. Pot dealers are great, and coke dealers I don\u2019t have strong opinions on. Know why? Because they do their own product. Heroin dealers don\u2019t. Because they\u2019d be dead pretty quickly. If you can\u2019t stand by your product then you\u2019re a piece of shit. People who sell heroin are choad monkeys because they KNOW they\u2019re profiting off of the self-destruction of another person. There has never, ever, ever been a positive affect of heroin. Ever. You are selling poison to stupid and vulnerable people who don\u2019t know any better. You are the lowest of the low. Granted the guy they kicked the shit out of wasn\u2019t the actual dealer. But he knew who the dealer was and it was time to name names. This is the only way to get that information. Big props for doing it mafia style too by using a van, and telling the idiot they picked up that they were gonna magically fix his debt problems. The only surprising part about this story is that they got caught in Egremont. Egremont is easily top 5 places to dump a body in Massachusetts. Ever been there before? It\u2019s a real trip. Nestled next to Alford, Mount Washington (there\u2019s a town called Mount Washington), New York state, and the metropolis of Great Barrington, there\u2019s no reason for anyone to ever go to Egremont. Ever. The fact that this nudnik jumped out of the van and people were actually there to see it is nothing less than a statistical miracle. I don\u2019t wanna say that father and son are heroes, but they kind of just revolutionized the opiate epidemic. If you sell heroin, you no longer get a free pass from some SJW judge. You get old school punishment from the family. At least that might present a detriment for potential dealers down the road. We urge you to support the following local businesses. They provide terrific services for the community!", "label": 1, "id": 130}
{"text": "Published March 12, 2015 BREAKING: Two police officers reportedly were shot early Thursday outside the police department in Ferguson, Mo. amid protests that followed the resignation of the town\u2019s police chief. The shooting was first reported by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Ferguson Police Lt. Col. Al Eickhoff told the paper that he did not believe the officers were from his department and had no information on the extend of their injuries. The Post-Dispatch reported, citing a police source, that one of the officers was from St. Louis County, while the other was from Webster Groves, another St. Louis suburb located south of Ferguson. KTVI reported that as many as 200 protesters had gathered outside the police station to demand more changes in the city\u2019s government after the resignation of Police Chief Tom Jackson Wednesday afternoon. The station reported that at least one person had been arrested and that protesters were blocking traffic on nearby Florissant Road. The Associated Press reported that the crowd had appeared to be dwindling when the shots were heard. The Missouri Highway Patrol told the AP that troopers were heading to the scene. Jackson was the sixth Ferguson employee to resign or be fired after a Justice Department report cleared white former officer Darren Wilson of civil rights charges in the shooting of black 18-year-old Michael Brown this past August, but found a profit-driven court system and widespread racial bias in the city police department. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 226}
{"text": "Department of Homeland Security and counter-terrorism officials are in contact with Spanish authorities in the aftermath of the terrorist attack that killed at least 13 people and left more than 80 injured on Thursday at a busy tourist area in Barcelona, Spain, according to DHS officials who spoke with Circa. DHS spokeswoman Anna Franko, said that the acting Secretary of Homeland Security Elaine Duke has been briefed on the situation in Barcelona, Spain and remains in contact with U.S. allies in Europe in lieu of the ongoing investigation. A van slammed its way through crowds of people in the well-known area of Las Ramblas avenue. The area was reportedly crowded with locals and tourists who frequent the restaurants and shops in the historic district. The above message in Spanish was posted on a confirmed ISIS media page on the secure Telegram app. Islamic State praised the attack on their official Telegram account and have claimed responsibility in statement carried on its Aamaq news agency. Some U.S. Law enforcement officials say the attack bears similar hallmarks of past attacks and the groups of has reportedly called for using vehicles as primary weapons against civilians, followed by secondary attacks using weapons against bystanders. Catalan Interior Minster Joaquim Forn confirmed at a press conference that 13 people were killed and more than 50 injured. Catalan police are treating the incident as a terror attack and have sealed off the area, according to reports. The city has canceled public events. Metro and train stations are also closed at the request of city officials and emergency services. Police at the scene in Barcelona after the van crash. The situation is being closely monitored by Duke, who is being kept apprised of developments, Franko said. \"DHS has reached out to Spanish authorities, and the Department is standing by to support our allies as they respond to and recover from this horrendous attack,\" Franko added. \"Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and those affected. We will not let terrorism become the new normal. Instead, such acts of violence only harden our resolve to fight back against violent extremists, bring them to justice, and dismantle their networks. DHS will continue its efforts to raise the baseline of our security across the board and to work with foreign partners to help them do the same.\" FBI is not currently commenting on the situation as it is fluid and the Spanish authorities are leading the investigation. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson weighs in on the attack in Spain. State Department officials did not immediately respond for comment, as to whether or not Spanish authorities have asked for assistance from the United States to help with the terror investigation. Spanish authorities continue to remain vigilant and local authorities have asked people in the Las Ramblas area of the city, where the attack took place to remain on alert, according to reports. RELATED STORIES: 13 are dead and more than 50 injured in the Barcelona attack a government official said Sen. Grassley says partisan lawsuits against President Trump should also implicate Hillary Clinton U.S. Ambassador to Israel asks organization to reconsider it's opposition to McMaster and Tillerson", "label": 0, "id": 525}
{"text": "Eminem ignited a social media firestorm at the BET awards Tuesday with the release of a blistering rap on President Donald Trump. The recorded video shows the rapper in a parking garage freestyling on political controversies like the NFL's national anthem protests, Trump's proposed border wall and his international diplomacy. Warning: Explicit language in video below In one verse he rapped: \"This is his form of , he gets an enormous he attacks the NFL, so we focus on of talking about Puerto Rico or gun reform for of these horrible tragedies and he's bored and would rather cause a Twitter storm with the Packers.\" In another: \"But we better give Obama what we got in the office now's a kamikaze that'll probably cause a nuclear holocaust.\" Soon after \"The Storm\" was released, the video became a top trending topic on Twitter, racked up hundreds of thousands of views on YouTube and sparked reactions from multiple celebrities. LeBron James quoted his lyrics in a tweet: \"Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh @Eminem.\" Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh @Eminem! \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\u270a\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25 #United pic.twitter. 28BCWpy\u2014 LeBron James (@KingJames) October 11, 2017 In the video, Eminem also raised a fist in support of NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick, whose decision to kneel during the anthem sparked the current controversy. In response, Kaepernick tweeted: \"I appreciate you @Eminem.\" Ellen DeGeneres also tweeted her praise: \"I (heart) @Eminem.\" There was no immediate reaction Tuesday from Trump or the White House press office.", "label": 0, "id": 80}
{"text": "Pentagon officials are used to looking for ISIS everywhere they can nowadays, and have found a security threat from them in the Caribbean, where ISIS obviously isn\u2019t a huge thing, but where growing numbers of people trying to join ISIS are seen as a concerning trend. Marine General John Kelly, set to retire later this month, says that these small numbers of ISIS supporters are a particular risk, because in small nations like Trinidad and Tobago, they don\u2019t have anything comparable to the US military or the TSA to combat ISIS. Gen. Kelly declared that \u201cjust a few of these nuts can cause an awful lot of trouble down in the Caribbean,\u201d complaining many of the islands don\u2019t even have proper militaries, let alone something like the US military, a leviathan that intervenes globally and rivals the scope off any in human history. ISIS issued a video for Trinidadian recruitment way back in 2015, showing a recruit from the island and his three young children calling on the island\u2019s Muslim population to join the fight. About 5% of the island\u2019s population is Muslim, or about 60,0 people. The indications are that Caribbean-wide ISIS recruitment was around 150 people, up from 100 the prior year. In reality, the \u201cthreat\u201d here is much less about Trinidad not having a globe-hopping military, than that ISIS isn\u2019t making such a big deal about recruits coming to Syria anymore, and is instead pressing them to launch attacks at home. This is particularly problematic for the US because many Caribbean islands are popular tourist destinations, and American tourists are a likely target. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz", "label": 0, "id": 117}
{"text": "Joel Angel Juarez Las Vegas Review-Journal @jajuarezphoto The readers of my column are well aware I\u2019m not a fan of MGM CEO Jim Murren. I\u2019ve called him \u201cthe worst CEO in America\u201d because he entangled his company in radical leftist politics \u2014 including the Council on American-Islamic Relations, an organization tied to terror and called by many experts a front group for Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood. I actually felt bad for MGM when this tragedy first happened. But could it have happened to any Vegas resort? Or were there factors at play that led to this property being chosen for this terrible mass murder? Murren was appointed by Barack Obama to the Homeland Security Council. From that perch, Murren had insider access to the detailed threats aimed at Vegas. What did he do to prepare and adequately safeguard his guests? Several MGM security guards and ex-security guards have called my radio show in recent days. They described MGM\u2019s security as \u201cwoefully undertrained and understaffed.\u201d One ex-MGM security guard called to say Murren\u2019s first act in taking over Luxor and Mandalay Bay was to disarm most of the guards and declare MGM hotels \u201cgun-free\u201d zones. Maybe that\u2019s why the shooter chose Mandalay Bay. Why has the timeline involving Mandalay Bay guard Jesus Campos changed so many times? Did he approach the shooter\u2019s room before or after the mass murder started? If it was before, why weren\u2019t the police called? Did the shooter choose a MGM property because VIP high roller clients were free to use service elevators, thereby avoiding scrutiny? Finally, was the CEO of MGM focused on his properties? Was the security of his customers a main priority? Or was he distracted? SEC records for September reveal more than $200 million in stock selloffs from MGM officers and directors. From July 31 to early September, Murren sold more than 80 percent of his MGM stock. This certainly paints the picture of a CEO with a lack of faith in his own company. Or did Murren have one foot out the door? Was he distracted and uninterested, perhaps making plans to leave? Why else would a CEO sell off a large majority of the shares he owns in his own company? Was Murren focused on MGM security as a major terror attack was being planned at his property? Or was he too busy selling off his shares, at the right price, into the open market, without Wall Street noticing? MGM\u2019s top executives and key board members also sold huge amounts of stock in September. How about this eye-popping number? In the past three months, according to SEC Form 4, MGM insiders sold off 6,387,163 shares. Guess how many those same insiders bought? Zero. Also in September, while MGM\u2019s CEO and insiders were selling off huge amounts of their own company stock, MGM announced a billion-dollar stock buyback program. In other words, they used \u201cother people\u2019s money\u201d to buy back MGM stock on the open market to prop up the price. Talk about the world\u2019s worst conflict of interest. Shareholders were forced to spend $1 billion to buy \u201cundervalued MGM stock\u201d at the same time the CEO and his team couldn\u2019t wait to get out. Question: What if MGM had used that same $1 billion to upgrade security or hire twice as many security staff instead of to prop up its stock price while the CEO was selling? Lastly, did Murren sign for a special \u201cterrorism rider\u201d on MGM\u2019s liability insurance policy? Will a designation of \u201cterrorism\u201d vs. criminal mass murder affect the payout from the insurance policy? Could declaring this a terror act change MGM\u2019s bottom line by billions of dollars? Inquiring minds want to know. Contact Wayne Allyn Root at Wayne@ROOTforAmerica.com. Hear or watch the nationally syndicated \u201cWAR Now: The Wayne Allyn Root Show\u201d from 3 to 6 p.m. daily at 790 Talk Now and at 5 p.m. on Newsmax TV.", "label": 1, "id": 115}
{"text": "Chris Brown, 27, was stopped from a potential physical altercation by police at a charity basketball game on the anniversary of 9/11 (video below). The singer got into such a heated argument with someone in the stands that the cops were called in to intervene before the situation escalated any further. The incident occurred at the Power 106 Celebrity Basketball Game at USC, reports TMZ. Video footage shows Brown becoming visibly upset as he leans over the bench seats to argue with a spectator. The music was too loud to make out exactly what words were exchanged, but USC cops can be heard saying, \u201c I don\u2019t care who\u2019s here, get it straight.\u201d Brown walked away twice but came back moments later each time to continue the quarrel, according to the Daily Mail. At one point, the R&amp;B singer was encircled by cops as he tried to explain the situation. Brown has become the latest high-profile star to join Colin Kaepernick\u2019s national anthem protest against police brutality and racial inequality in America. Before the basketball game, Brown did not observe the anthem. Instead, Brown laughed with friends as he sat during the song\u2019s performance. The anthem was sung by R&amp;B singer Tank, who asked the audience to stand \u201cin the wake of 9/11\u201d and in respect for those who lost their lives in the September 2011 terrorist attacks. However, Brown applauded Tank at the end for his effort. Brown was arrested just last week after a standoff with police officers at his Tarzana home over allegations he threatened a woman with a gun. During the event, Brown posted videos on social media in which he denounced the police and said he was being unfairly demonized.", "label": 0, "id": 305}
{"text": "Barack Obama has shortened the sentence of whistleblower Chelsea Manning, She will be released on May 17, instead of remaining in military custody until 2045 as originally sentenced.", "label": 1, "id": 370}
{"text": "The German public have, as predicted, kept ahold of nurse. But it is the breakthrough of the AfD into the German Parliament that is causing headlines around the world. Of course the four-year old party\u2019s electoral success is also unsurprising. In elections last September the AfD were elected to representative roles in most of the country\u2019s regional assemblies and beat Merkel\u2019s party into third place in her own constituency. Nevertheless, yesterday\u2019s electoral breakthrough is stunning and the success of this four-year-old party is among other things now causing a predictable rash of 1930s analogies. In a media landscape where very few papers can afford any foreign coverage at all, and a social media landscape which blows around slightly sourced stories with a further splash of personal self-aggrandisement, understanding a phenomenon like the AfD is harder than it should be. Many Europeans find themselves caught. Firstly by the fact that the mainstream political class has done something mad in recent years. As I recently explained at book-length, it is inevitable that things will get complicated when the people in charge of Europe make decisions as appalling as those Angela Merkel made in 2015. What she occasioned in unilaterally opening the continent\u2019s doors to the world may have been humanitarian and may have had some good intentions. But it was also reckless, short-sighted and will cause severe issues for German society for generations to come. Most of that impact \u2013 including the daily reports of crime and sexual assault \u2013 never make it further than the German-language press, and often not even there. What are the public to do when their leaders and media behave like this? One idea is that the public shouldn\u2019t have any choice and should be forced to keep voting for the same old parties anyway. This obviously suits the incumbents, and is best achieved by depicting any and all parties concerned about immigration \u2013 including the mass immigration which people across the political spectrum now say they acknowledge to have been an unrepeatable disaster \u2013 as Nazis, fascists and racists. The incumbent politicians and parties acknowledge they have made mistakes, promise not to repeat those mistakes but insist that anyone wishing to make them pay any political price must recognise that they are voting for a Fourth Reich. It\u2019s a clever, cynical ploy, employed by politicians and much of the media across Germany even more than the UK. Their problem is that at some point the public recognise the ploy. And in particular a moment arrives when the spell-words used by the political mainstream begin to fail. Already terms like \u2018racist\u2019, \u2018Nazi\u2019, \u2018far-right\u2019 have been worn down almost everywhere in Europe. The few people who continue to claim that the public\u2019s concerns are all racist are themselves the ones who now look ridiculous. All they do is ensure that the public care less and less about the words they are called. This has a follow-on problem which is especially worth pondering in Germany. For if the media and political class call everybody a racist and a Nazi for years, and the public can see that these people often called racists and Nazis (Ukip in Britain, for instance) are \u2013 whatever else you might think of them \u2013 clearly not Nazis or racists, then you set up another problem down the road. Anyone who has heard a hundred different people being called Nazis who they knew not to be Nazis is unlikely to have their anti-Nazi antennae intact when the accusation is made for the hundred and first time. This is among the problems that Merkel and co have now set up. The AfD\u2019s platform and pronouncements require close and unbiased attention. This should include having their words and actions reported accurately. To her credit, Merkel \u2013 the great absorber of political difference \u2013 has said that she will work to bring back the people who voted AfD this weekend. This suggests that she might \u2013 just might \u2013 take what is essentially the second broad option for Europe\u2019s political mainstream. That is to stop pretending that anything from a quarter to three-quarters of the general public across Europe are Nazi, fascist, racists who need to be reprogrammed, fought, denounced or ignored. Instead it is to recognise that the concerns of the public are concerns that should be addressed and remedied by the political mainstream. Which isn\u2019t, surely, such a radical idea. We\u2019ll see which path Germany now goes down. More than Germany\u2019s politics will depend on it.", "label": 1, "id": 465}
{"text": "Internet censorship is hurting conservative websites like DC Clothesline. If you enjoy our articles please consider making a small donation today. Thank YOU! ******************************************************************************** While North Korea dominated much of the news of late and the recent events in Charlottesville, VA have been the talk of the internet over the last couple of days, the recent revelation of the \u201cMemo that rocked Washington,\u201d which exposes the deep state subversion against President Trump and explaining the tactics being utilized, is being spun as \u201ccrazy\u201d with the writer of the memo being labeled a \u201cnutcase\u201d by the MSM, who has converged on a narrative in a weak attempt at damage control. The memo is embedded in full below, so readers can read the seven-page memorandum produced in May by the former director of strategic planning at the National Security Council, Rich Higgins. Before we detail some of the highlights from the memo, then offer the document in full, lets take a look at Higgins credentials, the man that the media is doing their best to discredit with labels like nutcase (MediaIte) with outlets like Washington Post calling the memo itself \u201ccrazy.\u201d Not only was Higgins the the former director of strategic planning for the NSC, before being fired by Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster for writing the memorandum, but perhaps more impressive, the Army veteran was also a former Pentagon official who specialized in irregular warfare. Department of Defense defines Irregular Warfare in a 100 page document from 2007, in the following manner: Irregular warfare (IW) is defined as a violent struggle among state and nonstate actors for legitimacy and influence over the relevant populations. IW favors indirect and asymmetric approaches, though it may employ the full range of military and other capabilities, in order to erode an adversary\u2019s power, influence, and will. It is inherently a protracted struggle that will test the resolve of our Nation and our strategic partners. Our adversaries will pursue IW strategies, employing a hybrid of irregular, disruptive, traditional, and catastrophiccapabilities to undermine and erode the influence and will of the United States and our strategic partners. Meeting these challenges and combating this approach will require the concerted efforts of all available instruments of US national power. Influencing foreign governments and populations is a complex and inherently political activity. This Joint Operating Concept (JOC) describes the military role in protracted IW campaigns; however, these campaigns will fail if waged by military means alone. The nature of IW requires the US Government (USG) to achieve the level of unified action necessary to integrate all available instruments of national power to address irregular threats. The USG will have to develop \u201cWhole of Government\u201d approaches to waging IW at the political, strategic, operational, and tactical levels. Other government agencies must build their capacity to operate in unstable or hostile environments. Revolutionary Hearing Aid Is Now Giving Free Fit &amp; Feel Samples Irregular warfare is about people, not platforms. IW depends not just on our military prowess, but also our understanding of such social dynamics as tribal politics, social networks, religious influences, and cultural mores. People, not platforms and advanced technology, will be the key to IW success. The joint force will need patient, persistent, and culturally savvy people to build the local relationships and partnerships essential to executing IW. So a man that specialized in irregular warfare tactics for the Pentagon, writes a seven-page memo which details a plot to overthrow the President of the United States, by globalist members of the deep state, with the intentional help of propaganda being fed to the media in order to influence the public, using tactics he was responsible for observing while at the Pentagon in order to save American militarylives, and the media starts screaming \u201cnutcase,\u201d and \u201ccrazy,\u201d and \u201cconspiracy theory!\u201d Something doesn\u2019t smell right here. MEMO THAT ROCKED THE NSC &amp; SENT THE MSM INTO DAMAGE CONTROL MODE The memo is titled \u201cPOTUS &amp; Political Warfare,\u201d and starts off detail some background on the \u201cinformation campaigns designed to first undermine, then delegitimize and ultimately remove the President,\u201d calling it \u201cpolitical warfare at an unprecedented level that is openly engaged in the direct targeting of a seated president through manipulation of the news cycle.\u201d While naming the actors, such as the media, Democrats, establishment Republicans, and explaining what each gains in their political warfare campaign against the president, it is on Page 5 of the document embedded below, where Higgins detailed the \u201cAdversary Campaign Plan,\u201d in the following manner: Adversary Campaign Plan. Political Warfare has been described as \u201cpropaganda in battledress.\u201d The effort directed at President Trump is executed along one overt, as well as two covert, lines of effort: \u2022 The overt line of effort is PUBLICITY. Publicity is the straightforward projection of a case that builds a picture in the audience\u2019s mind designed to garner support. It is facts without context and information the adversary wants the audience to possess that creates an impression and sets conditions. It seeks to establish good will and receptiveness to additional inputs. \u2022 There are two covert lines of effort: PROPOGANDA and . o Propaganda is the deliberate direction, even manipulation, of information to secure a definite outcome. It is an attempt to direct the thinking of the recipient, without his conscious collaboration, into predetermined channels that are established in the Publicity line of effort. It is the unwitting conditioning of the recipient by devious methods with an ulterior motive that seeks to move them incrementally over time into greater belief and acceptance of message transmitted in the Publicity line of effort. o Infiltration and subversion operate internal to the targeted organization in order to inform, target, coordinate, and amplifythe effects of the publicity and propaganda. Both operate to gather intelligence, obstruct legitimate courses of action, provide inside information, and leak sensitive information that undermines the leadership and suppresses the morale of friendly elements. o Infiltration of political and social groups within a target state is done for the purpose of extending counter-state influence and control. The endgame is concealed and may involve illicit activities. o Subversion undermines or detaches the loyalties of significant political and social groups within the target state and transfers political ideological loyalties to the counter-state. As thcounter-state forms, a counter-elite of influential individual and key leaders within the target state will later facilitate the legitimacy and permanency of the new regime. On page #6 we see \u201cPolitical Warfare Executive \u2013 The Meaning, Techniques and Methods of Political Warfare,\u201d which accurately captures what we at ANP have been documenting and reporting on for years, including how the media is being used to deliberately push \u201cpseudo-realities,\u201d in a campaign to \u201cdelegitimize President Trump,\u201d with preferred narratives including the \u201cRussia hacked the election\u201d, \u201cObstruction of Justice\u201d, \u201cHiding Collusion\u201d, and \u201cPutin Puppet.\u201d As is explained, each of these \u201cpseudo-realities,\u201d is geared toward a specific propaganda point, the first an attempt to push the \u201cillegitimate\u201d narrative, the second to push the \u201ccorrupt\u201d narrative,\u201d the third to push the \u201cdishonest\u201d narrative and the last to push the idea of \u201ctreason.\u201d Supporting Narratives. Meta-narratives are supported by an ongoing series of supporting-narratives that can be swapped out as circumstances warrant. It is important to recognize that these stories do not have to be true, valid or accurate to serve their purpose. Over time, deserved or not, the cumulative effect of these supporting narratives will result in a Trump fatigue. From a political warfare perspective, President Trump\u2019s inability to meet this challenge will cast him as a weak failed leader. The entire memo is embedded below, read it and decide for yourself. Below the memo we analyze why a man that specialized in irregular warfare for the Pentagon, was fired by McMasters for detailing what many in the Independent Media have been documenting since Trump won the election. WHY WAS HIGGINS FIRED? We have largely refrained from weighing in on H.R. McMasters, despite the fact that his stances on Iran, Islamic Terrorism, the Paris Accord, were more in line with Obama policy than President Trump\u2019s policy, where in each case McMasters lost his argument and the President aligned himself with the promises made, keeping them rather than allowing McMasters to influence his decisions, but according to recent reports, the second McMasters saw this internal memo, he \u201cdetonated,\u201d and then proceeded to fire the man that wrote it. The memo was written in May, but after McMaster discovered it, Higgins was called into the White House counsel\u2019s office on July 18 and questioned about it. On July 21, he was fired by McMaster\u2019s deputy, but not explicitly given a reason why. As to McMasters stances on a variety of issues that do not align with the president\u2019s base, that can be chalked up to \u201cpolitics\u201d as Trump the businessman was well known for hiring people with opposing views as to look at all angles before making his decisions, it was not surprising in the least that he brought McMasters on. The firing of the director of strategic planning for the NSC on the other hand, for utilizing his experience in known irregular warfare methods for and tactics for the Pentagon, to warn of a campaign against a sitting president by multiple factions, including globalists, deep state members within the intelligence community, and the media, forces us to ask the question of whether McMasters is part of the \u201cpolitical warfare\u201d campaign against President Trump? That is a question President Trump should be asking. BOTTOM LINE The fact that the media was called out directly in the memo, highlighting the part they play in pushing \u201cpseudo-realities,\u201d in order to generate a narrative to influence the general public, explains clearly why they are in all-out damage control mode trying to discredit the writer of the NSC memo that rocked Washington, because he just publicly exposed them all. The fact that the media, Trump haters, neverTrumpers, establishment Republicans, and Democrats are all supporting McMasters, also begs the question: Is he one of the enemy within? The fact that he fired a man trying to protect the president from other enemies within, might be the answer to that question. A couple other articles detailing other Trump loyalists fired by McMasters and the campaign to #FireMcMasters, discussed below: Help Keep Independent Media Alive, Become A Patron for All News PipeLine at SHTFplan.com", "label": 1, "id": 186}
{"text": "Examples of freedom in a Sentence Or Bugs would do the impossible by jumping out of the frame and landing on the drawing board of the cartoonist who was at work creating him. This freedom to transcend the laws of basic physics, to hop around in time and space, and to skip from one dimension to another has long been a crucial aspect of imaginative poetry. \u2014Billy Collins, Wall Street Journal, 28-29 June 2008 I can see that my choices were never truly mine alone\u2014and that that is how it should be, that to assert otherwise is to chase after a sorry sort of freedom. \u2014Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father, (1995) 2004 It's the beginning of summer. \u2026 For many adults who are really closet kids, this means that their blood hums with a hint of freedom \u2026 \u2014Anna Quindlen, Newsweek, 18 June 2001 He thinks children these days have too much freedom. She has the freedom to do as she likes. a political prisoner struggling to win his freedom Recent Examples of freedom from the Web These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'freedom.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.", "label": 0, "id": 93}
{"text": "Martin Truex Jr. stands during the national anthem before opening race of the NASCAR Cup Series. More than 100 NFL players took a knee during \"The Star Spangled Banner\" on Sunday in response to President Trump's fiery comments slamming players who kneeled during the National Anthem. But during Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series opener in Loudon, New Hampshire, seemingly all drivers, crew and team members stood with their hands on their hearts before the race after multiple team owners threatened to fire drivers who refused to do so. AP has further details: Several team owners and executives had said they wouldn\u2019t want anyone in their organizations to protest.Richard Childress, who was Dale Earnhardt\u2019s longtime team owner, said of protesting, \u201cIt\u2019ll get you a ride on a Greyhound bus.\u201d Childress says he told his team that \u201canybody that works for me should respect the country we live in.\" \"So many people gave their lives for it. This is America.\u201d Dale Earnhardt Jr.\u2014who's set to retire with a staggering 26 wins at the end of this season\u2014disagreed with his late father's former colleague. The racing legend came out in support of Americans' \"granted rights\" to conduct \"peaceful protests\" and quoted President Kennedy in a tweet. Seven-time NASCAR champion and team owner Richard Petty took the strongest stance on the issue. The 72-year-old Hall of Fame driver said that anybody who takes a knee should be thrown \"out of the country. Period\" Richard Petty\u2019s sentiments took it a step further, saying: \u201cAnybody that don\u2019t stand up for the anthem oughta be out of the country. Period.\"\"What got \u2019em where they\u2019re at? The United States.\u201dWhen asked if a protester at Richard Petty Motorsports would be fired, he said, \u201cYou\u2019re right.\u201d NASCAR'S organization-wide refusal to protest garnered praise from President Trump, who tweeted that he was \"proud\" of supporters and fans who \"won't put up with disrespecting\" the flag. As the final game of NFL Week 3 commences Monday night, many are wondering if the Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones\u2014who contributed $1 million to Trump's inauguration fund\u2014will protest alongside his players before taking on the Arizona Cardinals in Phoenix. What do you think?", "label": 0, "id": 113}
{"text": "Let America be America again. Let it be the dream it used to be. Let it be the pioneer on the plain Seeking a home where he himself is free. (America never was America to me.) Let America be the dream the dreamers dreamed-- Let it be that great strong land of love Where never kings connive nor tyrants scheme That any man be crushed by one above. (It never was America to me.) O, let my land be a land where Liberty Is crowned with no false patriotic wreath, But opportunity is real, and life is free, Equality is in the air we breathe. (There's never been equality for me, Nor freedom in this \"homeland of the free.\") Say, who are you that mumbles in the dark? And who are you that draws your veil across the stars? I am the poor white, fooled and pushed apart, I am the Negro bearing slavery's scars. I am the red man driven from the land, I am the immigrant clutching the hope I seek-- And finding only the same old stupid plan Of dog eat dog, of mighty crush the weak. I am the young man, full of strength and hope, Tangled in that ancient endless chain Of profit, power, gain, of grab the land! Of grab the gold! Of grab the ways of satisfying need! Of work the men! Of take the pay! Of owning everything for one's own greed! I am the farmer, bondsman to the soil. I am the worker sold to the machine. I am the Negro, servant to you all. I am the people, humble, hungry, mean-- Hungry yet today despite the dream. Beaten yet today--O, Pioneers! I am the man who never got ahead, The poorest worker bartered through the years. Yet I'm the one who dreamt our basic dream In the Old World while still a serf of kings, Who dreamt a dream so strong, so brave, so true, That even yet its mighty daring sings In every brick and stone, in every furrow turned That's made America the land it has become. O, I'm the man who sailed those early seas In search of what I meant to be my home-- For I'm the one who left dark Ireland's shore, And Poland's plain, and England's grassy lea, And torn from Black Africa's strand I came To build a \"homeland of the free.\" The free? Who said the free? Not me? Surely not me? The millions on relief today? The millions shot down when we strike? The millions who have nothing for our pay? For all the dreams we've dreamed And all the songs we've sung And all the hopes we've held And all the flags we've hung, The millions who have nothing for our pay-- Except the dream that's almost dead today. O, let America be America again-- The land that never has been yet-- And yet must be--the land where every man is free. The land that's mine--the poor man's, Indian's, Negro's, ME-- Who made America, Whose sweat and blood, whose faith and pain, Whose hand at the foundry, whose plow in the rain, Must bring back our mighty dream again. Sure, call me any ugly name you choose-- The steel of freedom does not stain. From those who live like leeches on the people's lives, We must take back our land again, America! O, yes, I say it plain, America never was America to me, And yet I swear this oath-- America will be! Out of the rack and ruin of our gangster death, The rape and rot of graft, and stealth, and lies, We, the people, must redeem The land, the mines, the plants, the rivers. The mountains and the endless plain-- All, all the stretch of these great green states-- And make America again!", "label": 0, "id": 46}
{"text": "Jimmy Kimmel addressed crestfallen Clinton supporters on Wednesday night in the hopes of helping them cope with Trump\u2019s election victory. \u201cA lot of voters woke up this morning happy that Donald Trump had won the election, but the other half of them, especially here in California, were very upset,\u201d Kimmel noted. \u201cPeople were shocked, despondent, some were even crying.\u201d As a result, the late-night host decided to walk his viewers through the five stages of grief. The first stage in the process is denial, which Kimmel summarized as \u201cno, the host of Celebrity Apprentice can\u2019t possibly be our president, CNN must have the math wrong.\u201d After that comes the anger stage: \u201cWho do I blame for this?\u201d Kimmel wondered. \u201cBernie? The FBI? Gary Johnson? Jill Stein?\u201d \u201cHow is it possible that half the country is too busy to even vote?\u201d he continued. \u201cThey all managed to play Pok\u00e9mon Go.\u201d After getting that out of his system, Kimmel moved on to the third stage: bargaining. \u201cMaybe this needed to happen to wake up everyone up,\u201d he reasoned. \u201cMaybe this is a good thing. Maybe he\u2019ll only build the wall waist high, to keep short people out.\u201d This rationalization period was quickly followed by depression, \u201cwhere you get a spoon and you just eat peanut butter out of the jar.\u201d Finally, many jars of peanut butter later, Kimmel suggested that tearful voters will eventually reach acceptance \u2013 possibly with the aid of some narcotics. \u201cNo matter how you feel about it, Donald Trump is the president of the United States of America,\u201d Kimmel said. \u201cSo thank god we legalized marijuana yesterday.\u201d California passed Proposition 64, a law legalizing recreational marijuana. Watch here.", "label": 0, "id": 461}
{"text": "Brits travelling to America could be subject to Muslim Labour MP Tulip Siddiq has called on Trump to clarify whether to not Brits travelling to the US will be subject to ideological tests in order to gain entry. Back in August, Trump spoke about introducing \u201cextreme vetting\u201d, which would involve would-be immigrants being questioned on subjects such as their religious freedom, gender equality and gay rights. But his campaign team were not clear on whether this process would apply to the millions of tourists who visit the country each year. Trump did state that if he was elected, those excluded from visiting the country would include people who didn\u2019t believe in the U.S Constitution, support bigotry and hatred, believe Shariah law is more important than US law, or would not \u201cflourish in the country\u201d. Trump spoke about bringing in the vetting process back in August Tulip, the Labour MP for Hampstead and Kilburn, told the Telegraph: \u201cWith the stark reality of the American election now beginning to settle in, Mr Trump needs to clarify immediately whether or not British tourists will have to take these so-called \u2018ideological tests\u2019 before being able to continue on their holidays in the US. \u201cMillions of British Muslims will feel feel despair at the possibility of being singled out for this sort of prejudiced scapegoating, which will only encourage division and hatred in society.\u201d Jack Dromey, a shadow Labour business minister, added: \u201cIs Donald Trump really saying that a proud British Muslim mum and dad travelling to America to their daughter\u2019s wedding will have to undergo extreme vetting first? \u201cHe needs to clarify whether or not he will treat a million Muslims in Britain as second class citizens, potentially a risk to American security? Tue, October 18, 2016 The smartest travel hacks that everyone should know. The best hacks for smart travellers Muslim Labour MP Tulip Saddiq is now calling on Trump to clarify whether the screenings will happen \u201cIt is foolish and irresponsible behaviour which can only feed fundamentalism.\u201d Those planning to travel to the US soon may find immigration changes will have passengers speeding through customs. Anyone who has travelled to the US will know the queues in the airport for their passports to be inspected are long. It is the last thing people want to be doing after a long-haul flight and a dose of jet lag. If it does come into force, immigrants would have to believe in US law, not Shariah law But now, travellers will find this process has just got a lot faster. The Department of Homeland Security has announced plans to expands pre-clearance programme. The pre-clearance programme will see passengers going through the immigration and customs inspection before they board the flight to the US. This in turn will mean that once they arrive, they can move swiftly on to collect their baggage.", "label": 0, "id": 378}
{"text": "Ever since Kimmel became a DNC talking head, he\u2019s become America\u2019s \u201cmoral conscience.\u201d \u2014 But now the host isn\u2019t so sure! He claims he isn\u2019t \u2014 and therefore need not crack jokes about Harvey Weinstein. That\u2019s rich! \u201cFirst of all, the Harvey Weinstein thing, people like this false equivalence of that\u2019s somehow equivalent to what happened in Las Vegas,\u201d Kimmel added, arguing that the alleged assault of dozens of women does not deserve the same reaction as the killing of nearly 60 people. He said that Weinstein is \u201cnot a friend of mine,\u201d adding, \u201cI\u2019m not in the movie business.\u201d As a once and future Oscar host who is friends with many of the movie stars in Weinstein\u2019s orbit, that claim is a hard one to buy. On GMA, Kimmel went on to accuse \u201cgun nuts\u201d of \u201ctrying take any comedy bit I did out of context and use it as some kind of proof\u201d that he is not an ally for women, including some pretty gross moments from The Man Show. [\u2026]\u201cThey\u2019re saying that I\u2019m calling myself the moral conscience of America, which I most certainly never did and most certainly never would,\u201d he declared. Kimmel doesn\u2019t seem at all bothered that conservatives want nothing to do with him and his show now. Washington Examiner reports: Critics like conservative commentator Ben Shapiro have slammed Kimmel for parading as a \u201cmoral arbiter.\u201d \u201cI\u2019m not. I mean, I agree with him. I\u2019m nobody\u2019s moral arbiter,\u201d Kimmel told CBS. \u201cYou don\u2019t have to watch the show. You don\u2019t have to listen to what I say.\u201d A defiant Kimmel added that he doesn\u2019t say \u201cI don\u2019t mind\u201d because he preferred \u201ceveryone with a television to watch the show.\u201d \u201cBut if they\u2019re so turned off by my opinion on healthcare and gun violence then, I don\u2019t know, I probably wouldn\u2019t want to have a conversation with them anyway,\u201d he continued. \u201cNot good riddance, but riddance.\u201d The last place you want to be is on the receiving end of Ben Shapiro\u2019s laser sharp tongue. The Daily Wire founder obliterated late night host Jimmy Kimmel\u2019s \u201cabhorrent,\u201d and \u201cnasty\u201d gun control views. Almost two weeks after demolishing Jimmy Kimmel over his asinine health-care tirades, conservative star and podcast host Ben Shapiro obliterating the ABC late-night host on Tuesday for an \u201cabhorrent, \u201cgross,\u201d and \u201cnasty\u201d gun control rant touting confiscation and mauling those against his views as monstrous. \u201cJimmy Kimmel should not cheered for what he did last night. Jimmy Kimmel should be asked to provide the evidence for his suppositions rather than the evidence for his emotions. Again, I believe he\u2019s sincere. Sincerity does not make what you\u2019re saying smart,\u201d Shapiro argued at the end of his podcast, which featured over 20 minutes on Kimmel\u2019s post-Las Vegas shooting rant. Shapiro noted at the onset that \u201cKimmel did something last night that I find truly abhorrent\u201d which was discard any and all facts as part of his effort to \u201cbecome the social justice king of late-night television\u201d and \u201call-heart representation of all leftist causes.\u201d Key highlights below: Shapiro on leftists dividing America: \u201cLast night, he did a long shitck about gun control that was entirely based on emotion and it was really nasty. It was really nasty. I don\u2019t think it was nasty because he doesn\u2019t care. He cares. It\u2019s really nasty because he\u2019s suggesting that you and I don\u2019t care. It doesn\u2019t matter that you lost sleep last night and I lost sleep because of what happened. It doesn\u2019t matter that we\u2019re all heartbroken over what happened. We don\u2019t agree with Jimmy Kimmel\u2019s evidence-less suggestions about gun control. That means that we don\u2019t care. We are bad people. You want to know why the country is not unified? It\u2019s because of stuff like this. It\u2019s not because we disagree on policy. We\u2019ve been disagreeing about policy forever. It\u2019s because there are certain people in the American public discourse who feel it necessary to impute bad motives to people who disagree and that\u2019s what Kimmel\u2019s doing here.\u201d Shapiro on Kimmel\u2019s take about AR-15s: \u201cSo, number one, the Founders would have wanted us to have AR-15s because the fact is, back in the day, all the weapons that people had were military grade weapons, right? A musket was a military-grade weapon. Now, AR-15s aren\u2019t military grade\u2026Civilian guns are very different from military-issued guns. For him to say the Second Amendment doesn\u2019t cover things like AR-15s \u2014 a semi-automatic rifle, is akin to me saying the First Amendment doesn\u2019t cover TV because the Founders hadn\u2019t seen a TV, would never know what it\u2019d look like, and don\u2019t understand how it works. It\u2019s a silly argument. As far as the idea that ARs aren\u2019t used for home defense, again, asinine. I have a bunch of friends who use ARs for home defense.\u201d Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 184}
{"text": "Pamela Engel Deputy Editor, Politics and Military &amp; Defense Pamela Engel Pamela is the deputy editor overseeing the Politics and Military &amp; Defense sections of Business Insider. She was previously the politics editor, and before that was a senior reporter covering domestic politics, foreign policy, and national security. Before BI, she worked for the Associated Press in Indianapolis. She has also written for The Columbus Dispatch, the Scripps Howard news wire, and the New York Observer. Sort: Newest Oldest Most Read The backstory behind the shocking Bill Cosby rape allegations Trump ousts Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Police are warning Austin, Texas, residents not to open unexpected packages amid spate of deadly bombings Trump polls audience at conservative conference on whether they'd have the 2nd Amendment or tax cuts People are wondering if there's a hidden meaning in the suit Melania Trump wore to the State of the Union The explosive new book on Trump's presidency is so popular that it's selling out online and bookstores have a waitlist to get it Trump wishes the media a happy Thanksgiving, tells them: 'You're fired' Trump congratulates troops on military progress and touts stock market performance: 'You're fighting for something real' 39 photos that show why everyone misses George W. Bush A Twitter employee on their last day of work took down Trump's account for 11 minutes ISIS and Al Qaeda have specifically called for the type of attack that just happened in New York City CIA chief says US won't release Osama bin Laden's porn stash What happened on 9/11, 16 years ago Here's what it was like to be trapped in a house for five days during Hurricane Harvey Trump called New Hampshire a 'drug-infested den' and claimed he won the state in call with Mexican president A study estimated that as few as 29 military service members would seek gender-transition care Trump goes on wild riff to Boy Scouts about a real estate developer and a party with 'the hottest people in New York' Trump kicks off healthcare speech by erroneously saying Obamacare has been in place for '17 years' 'Just look at his ratings!': Trump praises Spicer on his way out of the White House Kellyanne Conway just escalated the White House's campaign against Robert Mueller TRUMP: French president Macron 'loves holding my hand' The man who offered Donald Trump Jr. dirt on Clinton almost sent the information to Trump himself Pence distances himself from latest Russia bombshell, saying Trump Jr. meeting was 'before he joined the campaign' 'Morning Joe' hosts accuse Trump of blackmailing them with negative National Enquirer story Trump lobs attack at 'low I.Q.' Mika Brzezinski, says 'Morning Joe' host was 'bleeding badly from a face-lift' at Mar-a-Lago A legal expert explains how Trump could have landed himself in more trouble by admitting he misled Comey about the tapes State Department releases strongly worded statement on Russia: 'Let's remember that these sanctions didn't just come out of nowhere' Congress is increasingly becoming a counterweight to some of Trump's more controversial foreign policy instincts Trump calls Rep. Scalise 'a true friend and patriot' after congressional baseball shooting Trump on ISIS attack in Iran: 'States that sponsor terrorism risk falling victim to the evil they promote' Bill Cosby's sexual-assault trial starts today \u2014 here's the backstory of the allegations against him Bill O'Reilly says the 'hatred' former Fox News chief Roger Ailes experienced killed him Sean Spicer might not do daily press briefings anymore and could have his public role diminished 'People want it to be true': Inside the growing influence of a mysterious anti-Trump website Trump gets 2 ice cream scoops at White House dinners \u2014 everyone else gets 1 Trump makes first public comments on firing Comey: 'He wasn't doing a good job' 3 top GOP senators are questioning Trump's decision to fire Comey The deputy attorney general laid out why James Comey was fired Here\u2019s the real reason why Clinton lost \u2014 it wasn\u2019t just emails and Russia Here\u2019s the biggest lesson Democrats need to learn from Clinton\u2019s collapse if they want to win in 2020 Next", "label": 0, "id": 336}
{"text": "President Obama Male voters must break their sexist inclinations so the country can \u201cget over the hump\u201d and elect its first female president, President Obama said Tuesday. In a message directed \u201cto the guys out there\u201d at a campaign rally at Capital University in Columbus, Ohio, Obama said, \u201c[T]here\u2019s a reason why we haven\u2019t had a woman president before\u2026\u201d \u201cAnd we have to ask ourselves, as men \u2014 because I hope my daughters are going to be able to achieve anything they want to achieve \u2014 and I know that my wife is not just my equal but my superior,\u201d he continued. \u201cI want every man out there who\u2019s voting to kind of look inside yourself and ask yourself, if you\u2019re having problems with this stuff, how much of it is that we\u2019re just not used to it. So that, like, when a guy is ambitious and out in the public arena and working hard, well, that\u2019s okay; but when a woman suddenly does it, suddenly you\u2019re all like, well, why is she doing that?\u201d he added. Obama\u2019s closing argument for his possible successor comes as GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has a slight edge over Hillary Clinton in the Buckeye State. The RealClearPolitics average of Ohio pollsshows the mogul with a 2.5-percentage-point lead, with Trump getting 46.8 percent of the vote and Clinton 44.3 percent.", "label": 1, "id": 50}
{"text": "Body camera video released after verdict. (Screenshot) On Friday, a day after former Mesa, Arizona police officer Philip Brailsford was acquitted of second-degree murder charges, state officials released a graphic video of the shooting, showing the victim begging for his life. In the video, another officer, now-retired Sgt. Charles Langley, orders seemingly-terrified Daniel Shaver to cross his legs, crawl and keep his hands raised straight up in the air prior to the fatal shooting. The officers were responding to a call alleging a man was pointing a gun out of a window, The Washington Post reports: \"After the officer involved was acquitted of second-degree murder charges, officials in Arizona released graphic video showing Daniel Shaver crawling on his hands and knees and begging for his life in the moments before he was shot and killed by police in January 2016.\" \u2026. \"The shooting, by Philip \u201cMitch\u201d Brailsford, then an officer with the Mesa Police Department, occurred after officers responded to a call about a man allegedly pointing a rifle out of a fifth-floor window at a La Quinta Inn. Inside the room, Shaver, 26, had been doing rum shots with a woman he had met earlier that day and showing off a pellet gun he used in his job in pest control.\" Wrongful-death lawsuits against the city of Mesa have been filed by Shaver's family members. WARNING: Video contains graphic, disturbing content. test test Please support CNSNews today! (a 501c3 non-profit production of the Media Research Center) DONATE", "label": 0, "id": 309}
{"text": "Modal Trigger Tom Arnold Comedian Tom Arnold is claiming Hillary Clinton begged him to release footage of President Trump using racial slurs just days before the November election. The 57-year-old alleged last year he had video of Trump repeatedly saying \u201cn\u2014\u2013\u201d and \u201cevery bad thing ever, every offensive, racist thing ever,\u201d but is now saying Clinton called him just two days before Americans went to the polls to plead for its release, the Telegraph reported. \u201cI had all the outtakes from Trump saying the N-word on \u2018The Apprentice,\u2019\u201d said Arnold, who was just voted off Australia\u2019s \u201cI\u2019m A Celebrity \u2026 Get Me Out Of Here!\u201d \u201c[Clinton] called me two days before the election and said, \u2018Please release that,'\u201d Arnold claimed, alleging that the Democratic nominee said, \u201cThe weight of the free world is on your shoulders.\u201d \u201cI\u2019d love to be a hero, but I can\u2019t hurt these families,\u201d he claimed to have responded. Arnold says he might still release the reel with \u201ctheir permission,\u201d thought it remains unclear if he was referring to the targets of Trump\u2019s vitriol or \u201cThe Apprentice\u201d producers. In an interview before going on the British sitcom, Arnold told a radio host he didn\u2019t want to release the hate speech out of respect for those involved. \u201cWell, now, these people \u2014 two editors and an associate producer \u2014 are scared to death. They\u2019re scared of his people, they\u2019re scared they\u2019ll never work again,\u201d he said on Dori Monson\u2019s radio show. The American actor and comic, who starred alongside Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 1994 film classic \u201cTrue Lies,\u201d also said he didn\u2019t think releasing the racist rant \u201cwould work.\u201d \u201cI don\u2019t think people would care,\u201d he said. Trump still managed to cinch the electoral vote despite national outrage surrounding the October release of the notorious \u201cgrab them by the p\u2014-\u201d video.", "label": 0, "id": 48}
{"text": "According to the latest damning snippet from Michael Wolff\u2019s Fire and Fury, President Donald Trump tried to \u201crationalize\u201d why people would join the K. From the New York Times review: There are lots of arresting details in the book. We learn that the administration holds special animus for what it calls \u201cD.O.J. women,\u201d or women who work in the Justice Department. Wolff writes that after the white supremacist mayhem in Charlottesville, Va., Trump privately rationalized \u201cwhy someone would be a member of the K.K.K.\u201d Many believe the anecdotes and quotes from Wolff\u2019s book should be treated with a healthy dose of skepticism, but this one is not implausible. Trump went on the record in the wake of the Charlottesville white supremacy march that left Heather Heyer dead, saying he believed there were \u201c good people\u201d on both sides of the protest, one side of which was rife with Neo-Nazis and white supremacists. Trump was widely criticized for the response, which many considered a tacit endorsement of white supremacy. During his presidential campaign, an old New York Times story was unearthed that reported Trump\u2019s father, Fred, back in 1927, was arrested at a rally in 1927 where K members were present. It was never proven whether he was participating in the rally or a member of the group. David Covucci is the Layer 8 editor at the Daily Dot, covering the intersection of politics and the web. His work has appeared in Vice, the Huffington Post, Jezebel, Gothamist, and other publications. He is particularly interested in hearing any tips you have. Reach out at dcovucci@thedailydot.com.", "label": 1, "id": 72}
{"text": "INDIANAPOLIS (WTHR) - Former Colts head coach Tony Dungy announced on Twitter Thursday morning that he's donating money to help a city near Tampa Bay remove a Confederate statue. Dungy tweeted a picture of the front page of the Tampa Bay Times saying Hillsborough would need $140,0 in private funds in the next 30 days to move the statue. He said he and his wife \"are in for $5K\" and then challenged Tampa's sports teams to pitch in as well. Since Charlottesville, there has been a surge in efforts to move or outright destroy statues of Confederate war leaders from Gainesville, Florida to Baltimore, Maryland. There has also been a renewal of efforts to protect the monuments. President Donald Trump tweeted that it's \"Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart\" with the removal of such statues around the country. Maine's Republican governor Paul LePage went so far as to say removing Confederate statues is \"just like\" removing a monument to victims of the 9/11 attacks.", "label": 0, "id": 495}
{"text": "Stinkin\u2019 Dinkadoodles! Gupta Patel Slams New Bill Passed To Teach Your Kids Anal Sex In Public School And He\u2019s Fired Up Like A Samosa Fresh Out The Pan! Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at [email protected] for more information. Everyone knows and loves Gupta Patel \u2013 Turtleboy\u2019s crazy Indian Tech Guy and proud convenience store proprietor. He\u2019s never blogged for us before but something caught his eye in the news that sent him reeling. Let\u2019s give him a warm welcome as he has a meltdown about the statehouse deciding to teach kids as young as 12 how to safely take it in the back door! Your uncle Gupta read this one news article last night and choke on his Vodka Slushee! Last Thursday, the Massachusetts Senate passed new sex education package by a 31-6 vote in favor. Look like the usual chutiyas in the statehouse been drinking the same strange flavor KoolAid again. Take a look at this nutty-ass booshit: From New Boston Post\u2014 As it did in 2015, the Massachusetts Senate passed a bill nearly entirely along party lines on Thursday dictating how school districts teach sex education; and just like two years ago, the biggest sticking point for the bill\u2019s opponents was the lack of an opt-in stipulation for parents and guardians. Unlike in 2015, however, it is likely this version of the bill will reach the House floor for a vote, but it remains to be seen if lawmakers on the other side of the State House attach the failed parental opt-in amendment touted Thursday by House Minority Leader Bruce Tarr (R-Gloucester). Following the 31-6 vote in favor that saw the only Democratic opposition come from state Senator Michael Rush of West Roxbury, Tarr praised the \u201crobust and healthy debate\u201d that transpired Thursday afternoon but expressed \u201chope that as it makes its way through the legislative process\u201d that lawmakers outside the Senate will wind up adopting proposals like a parental consent stipulation. The bill\u2019s lead sponsor, state Senator Sal DiDomenico (D-Everett) took issue with Tarr\u2019s opt-in proposal. \u201cThis amendment would gut the bill,\u201d DiDomenico claimed, noting that the legislation already features an opt-out amendment for both parents and school districts. \u201cThis amendment would effectively take all the work we put together and throw it out the window. \u201cWe do not have opt-in for science, math, English \u2014 we don\u2019t have any opt-in initiative for any other subjects in our schools \u2014 this subject in particular could save lives.\u201d Other Democrats who spoke out in opposition to Tarr\u2019s amendment included state Senator John Keenan of Quincy, Worcester\u2019s Harriet Chandler, and Boston\u2019s Sonia Chang-Diaz. Keenan and Chang-Diaz added that a parental consent requirement would add an unnecessary level of bureaucracy, with Keenan claiming that it \u201cwould require school districts to chase down the parents of every single student\u201d while Chang-Diaz noting that \u201cmany of my colleagues in the chamber in the minority are avid proponents of small streamlined government.\u201d Chandler claimed that an opt-in provision would result in a \u201cvery limited number of people who would be taking advantage of it.\u201d \u201cThe alternative of what we\u2019re talking about is our children learning about these behaviors from what they hear on the school bus or read on the Internet,\u201d she added. State Senator Vinny deMacedo (R-Plymouth), responding to Keenan\u2019s point, used student field trips as an example of opt-in protocol. \u201cI don\u2019t think that\u2019s an impossible hurdle to overcome,\u201d he said. \u201cThe reality is that asking parents if they\u2019re comfortable with this or not is not a stretch by any means.\u201d Tarr appeared to take issue with the claim linking parental approval to an added layer of bureaucracy. \u201cWell well well, it is interesting that some of these folks have stood at this microphone and suggested somehow that obtaining parental consent is so burdensome that we shouldn\u2019t follow through with this,\u201d Tarr quipped. \u201cSuggesting that the role of a parent should be subordinate to the role of bureaucracy, now that\u2019s a deeply concerning thought.\u201d Tarr also challenged DiDomenico\u2019s claim that an opt-in provision would \u201cgut the bill.\u201d \u201cThat somehow this bill is jeopardized by the fact that we might want to involve parents in the decision making \u2014 what does that suggest about the priorities of the bill?\u201d Tarr questioned. \u201cIt suggests that somehow we ought to subordinate the role of the parent to the role of the state. \u201cIt\u2019s also been suggested that we don\u2019t have opt-in provisions for math, science, and other things, well that is true, but we also don\u2019t have opt-out provisions for those things, because they don\u2019t fit the same matter as the subject matter that we\u2019re discussing here.\u201d Conservative organizations, including the Massachusetts Family Institute, are vehemently opposed to the bill over the proposed curriculum\u2019s subject matter, which suggests that instruction regarding sexual aspects such as anal intercourse is age-appropriate for children as young as 12.Some of the instructional material approved by state education officials was created by Planned Parenthood League of Massachusetts. \u201cIf you have to have an affirmative act from a parent in order to go on a school trip, should you not have to have the affirmative act of a parent to be involved in education that involves morality, subjective judgment, and important health matters?\u201d Tarr said. \u201cI think the matter speaks for itself.\u201d DiDomenico responded to Tarr\u2019s argument by noting he is not looking to subvert the role of parents and countered that he \u201cwould put this in the same category as English, math, and science.\u201d \u201cIn some respects I\u2019d put it ahead of those subjects,\u201d DiDomenico added. \u201cThere are life-ending, life-long consequences, and a critical mistake can change their lives forever.\u201d State Senator Barbara L\u2019Italien (D-Andover) also spoke, mentioning an incident in which her older sister became pregnant during high school. \u201cGetting married at age 17 locked her into a life of virtual poverty,\u201d L\u2019Italien said. \u201cI wish there had been accurate health information when she was a student back in the \u201970s, I think her life might have changed dramatically. \u201cThere are times when government needs to be proactive, and protective, and this is one of those situations.\u201d Sweet Baby Vishnu! The anal sex education is age appropriate for 12 year old? What fucking version of goddamn Kama Sutra they been reading? The Paul Georgio translation? This Hindu had the very very bad nightmares after reading this news! In my dream, my daughter, Gupta Jr, was back in the grade school. I was watching my favorite American movie \u201cMansion of Blood\u201d and Mindy Robinson was just about to show all the peoples her hot hot Samosas when my daughter come running through the door, She say \u201cPapa! Papa! I have the question about the sex!\u201d And I say \u201cYes my little one, I have been preparing for this conversation long time. Ask your papa your questions\u201d. She say \u201cPapa, when will it stop hurting my ass so much?\u201d Your old Uncle Gupta almost had the bad heart attacks! \u201cAs it did in 2015, the Massachusetts Senate passed a bill nearly entirely along party lines on Thursday dictating how school districts teach sex education; and just like two years ago, the biggest sticking point for the bill\u2019s opponents was the lack of an opt-in stipulation for parents and guardians.\u201d Really? Uncle Gupta think the biggest sticking point probably gonna be the anal sex. Seriously though. You can opt out of goddamn Pledge of Allegiance in school in Massachusetts without facing the punishments, but you can\u2019t opt out of learning how to send your pork soldier to the battle in Brownsville? \u201cThe bill\u2019s lead sponsor, state Senator Sal DiDomenico (D-Everett) took issue with Tarr\u2019s opt-in proposal. \u201cThis amendment would gut the bill,\u201d DiDomenico claimed, noting that the legislation already features an opt-out amendment for both parents and school districts. \u201cThis amendment would effectively take all the work we put together and throw it out the window. \u201cWe do not have opt-in for science, math, English \u2014 we don\u2019t have any opt-in initiative for any other subjects in our schools \u2014 this subject in particular could save lives.\u201d Ganesha, please take me now, These chutiyas gonna drive this humble Hindu to carnivorism. \u201cJohnny, study the maths and the science good so you can be great physicist someday!\u201d \u201cSusie! finish your English homeworks so you can be excellent writer someday.\u201d Mary! Make sure you don\u2019t miss any of the Massachusetts mandated sex education class so you can be great wide receiver some day!\u201d In the name of heavenly teacher Guru Deva please reincarnate these people as pimples on Kim Kardashian\u2019s face at bukake session after Black Lives Matter rally. State Senator Barbara L\u2019Italien (D-Andover) also spoke, mentioning an incident in which her older sister became pregnant during high school. \u201cGetting married at age 17 locked her into a life of virtual poverty,\u201d L\u2019Italien said. \u201cI wish there had been accurate health information when she was a student back in the \u201970s, I think her life might have changed dramatically. Ms. Barbarabhen! Did you really just say \u201cDamn, my sister\u2019s life would be so much better now if only she had taken the rusty trombone in her swamp starfish that one time instead of in her hoo-ha.\u201d? It Take one real classy lady to say she wishes her niece or nephew had taken a wrong turn down Willy Wonka\u2019s garbage chute. Uncle Gupta don\u2019t think it\u2019s too strange that Barbara L\u2019Italien advocating for taking it from the behind. Nobody gonna want to be looking at this in the face during the hot nookie-nookie session. Holy mother of Kali! Blowjob from this one probably count as anal anyways. No surprise here really . Both L\u2019Italien and Chandler recently vote to give themselves fat pay hike, so they have lot of experience stuffing the pepperonis in the peoples hot pockets. This one Hindu here don\u2019t know about you, but when I see Hariette Chandler\u2019s face, the first thing that come to mind not going to be anal sex: Sweet baby Hannuman! Her ass probably look like dying Yoda\u2019s forehead. Going to work up her Lincoln Log Factory probably sound like punching a fist into the open jar of Miracle Whip! (Miracle Whip! Two jars for five dollar at my Main South Happy Hindu Mart Convenience Store in Worcester. Next five minute only.) She so old her dunghole probably look like the hopper on a meat grinder after Porketta night. This one Sonia Chang-Diaz though? Would. This Hindu just saying. \u201cThere are times when government needs to be proactive, and protective, and this is one of those situations.\u201d I agreeing that government should be protective and proactive. Maybe if they had voted to give the Police the Kevlar Vests instead of giving their fat samosa asses big raise it would have been good start. Educating the 12 years old child about anal sex? Not so much. You know what going to happen in the class full of 12 years old kids when teacher start talking about the anal and oral sex? Gonna be like comedy scene in bad Hindi movie. Maybe not during class, but afterwards they gonna make the fun. \u201cRectum? Damn near killed him!\u201d joke gonna get old real quick in the cafeteria. State Legislators are calling this bill the \u201cHealthy Youth Act\u201d. That really nice way of putting it. As usual with these \u201cDheela Lund Ni Olaad\u201d (That my Gujarati language for \u201cSons of the broken penis\u201d), the devil is in the details\u2026and Uncle Gupta all about the details! One of the textbooks approved in the bill is called \u201cGet Real: Comprehensive Sex Education That Works,\u201d put out by the Planned Parenthood. Book is only available in bundles of 50, and this thrifty Indian man not buying if he can\u2019t find the coupon or get the good deal. I ferret couple passages out on the internets for you. You\u2019re welcome. One lesson teaches the childrens that A dental dam is \u201cplaced over the vulva or anus during oral sex\u201d. Then it goes on to say the people can also use the \u201cNon-Microwaveable Saran Wrap\u201d. Papa Gupta spend most of his daughter\u2019s pre-teen years yelling at her to do the healthy things. \u201cDon\u2019t touch that! Do not step in the dog mess! Don\u2019t put the statue of Baby Krishna in your mouth! Wash Your hands before eating! Use the Purell after shaking Senator McGovern\u2019s hand!\u201d. Now, she would have to go to school next day and learn how to toss the big salad? It\u2019s ok though\u2026. Happy Hindu Mart sell plenty of non-microwaveable Saran Wrap. This handsome Indian TurtleBoy don\u2019t think Saran Wrap company be too happy knowing sex education class teaching the children to use their product to cover the chocolate cannoli. Another lesson talk about using the \u201c internal condom that is inserted into the anus.\u201d They say it acts as a barrier but warns that \u201cit may slip out of place during vaginal or anal intercourse and may be difficult to insert.\u201d Wait\u2026what you say? I had to call my cousin the Gastroenterologist about this one. Dr. Dharmendra Tubupyeresh. I say \u201cHey, Dharmendra, you ever hear of such thing?\u201d He say to me \u201cGupta, you been lighting up the porn hub again? Yes there is such the thing.\u201d He send me over this picture. \u201cInsert two fingers inside the condom and gently push it into the anal cavity. The inner ring can be removed after inserted if desired.\u201d Lovely. 12 year old gonna learn how to shove the ziplock bag up the friend\u2019s wazoo before doing the zoom-zoom in the boom-boom. When Uncle Gupta first read this news, he knew something smell funny\u2026and not just the anal sex! Then this bald prick rears his ugly head and everything make sense\u2026 Senator Jamie Eldridge. You might remember him from such blogs as these. This bhenchod one real professional turtle poking man! In my former country he would not have been problem because we would have already kill him already. Notice how he don\u2019t tweet about the content of the bill\u2026only that the Mass Senate GOP (all six of them) oppose it. Let me tell you something, Senator Jamie\u2026nobody going to oppose young adults learning the safe ways to make the sweet nookie-nookie, but not letting parents opt them out? What kind of glass dinka-doodle you been smoking from? This Hindu gets it. Too many kids having the sex at young age\u2026 Definitely should be options available to teach healthy sexual practices to children, but if any citizen ever texted the contents of some of these lessons to a child, they would go to the prison. And we all know what happen in prison. Dunghole come out looking like Saarlac sand monster from the Return of the Jedi. Anyway, this Hindu try hard to reach these senators on Twitter but they not responding. Wonder why. Namaste TurtleBoy Nations! May the supple trunk of Ganesha goose your buttocks!", "label": 1, "id": 131}
{"text": "Save Photo by Franco Images On Thursday, President Trump signed an executive order that will begin to deplete the Affordable Care Act, and allow companies to offer cheaper healthcare plans with fewer benefits. Or, as he put it, he is \u201csaving the American people from the nightmare of Obamacare.\u201d Just a few hours later, the Trump administration announced it's ending federal subsidies for health insurance companies that help millions of low-income people pay deductibles and out-of-pocket costs. These subsidies were projected to cost about $9 billion this year, according to the New York Times, and nearly $100 billion in the coming decade. The new decision will go into effect immediately, the Health and Human Services Department announced on Thursday. According to the Times, without the subsidies, \"insurance markets could quickly unravel.\" Insurers have already threatened to pull out of the insurance exchanges created under Obamacare if subsidies are cut off, because they said they will need much higher premiums. \u201cThe government cannot lawfully make the cost-sharing reduction payments,\u201d the White House said in a statement. \u201cCongress needs to repeal and replace the disastrous Obamacare law and provide real relief to the American people.\u201d In a joint statement, Senate and House Minority Leaders Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi said Trump has \u201capparently decided to punish the American people for his inability to improve our health care system.\u201d They consider Trump's decision \"a spiteful act of vast, pointless sabotage leveled at working families and the middle class in every corner of America.\"", "label": 1, "id": 507}
{"text": "Flooded homes are shown near Lake Houston following Hurricane Harvey on Aug. 30 in Texas (Win Images). (GMG) - The question is going to be asked many times, by many people: Did global warming cause or have any impact on Hurricane Irma? What about Harvey? While there is tremendous agreement among scientists about the basic science of climate change, politics and social media have created an atmosphere where a lot of incorrect information is being bantered about. Here's the truth about the relationship between global warming and hurricanes Irma and Harvey. Scientists are uncertain about whether global warming will cause more hurricanes. In fact, some scientists say that a warmer planet will actually result in fewer hurricanes. However, that is not the entire story. A warming world means that ocean temperatures increase, too. And we all know that warm ocean water is the fuel that power hurricanes. So, even if the coming decades show a decrease in overall hurricanes, those hurricanes that do develop in otherwise favorable conditions will likely be stronger. The bottom line is that our future may be one of fewer but stronger hurricanes. Is that good or bad news? Fewer hurricanes mean a lower chance that one hits Florida. But a hurricane that does form and heads our way will likely be stronger, with a more severe storm surge and higher winds. Something else to consider is that, as the world warms, more ocean water evaporates into the atmosphere (which has been documented.it's happening). This water vapor is what hurricanes turn into rainfall. Our warmer world with higher atmospheric humidity means that tropical weather systems have more moisture to tap into, which means greater potential for increased rainfall. Statistics show that extreme precipitation events nationwide are increasing, and this also applies to tropical systems. What most people don't realize is that, as summer wanes and we transition into fall, hurricanes are the atmosphere's natural mechanism to return the summertime water vapor back into the ocean. So, hurricanes are necessary to balance the planet's water budget. The only problem is that people get in the way, and hurricanes of the future likely will have higher rainfall and increased potential for catastrophic flooding events -- also due to higher storm surges, resulting from higher sea levels from the warming climate. Now, let's apply all of this information to hurricanes Irma and Harvey: --------- Did global warming cause Irma or Harvey? No. Both hurricanes could have developed, regardless of the warming climate. Could global warming have affected Irma\u2019s record strength, or Harvey's rapid intensification, just before landfall? Harvey strengthened rapidly from a Category 1 to a Category 4 storm in just over a day, undoubtedly due to very warm Gulf of Mexico waters it traveled over in otherwise favorable conditions. It was the first Category 4 storm to make landfall in Texas since Hurricane Carla in 1961. Irma became the strongest Atlantic basin hurricane when its winds increased to 185 mph, also due to very warm ocean temperatures and otherwise favorable conditions. There is no question that the warmer ocean temperatures we\u2019re experiencing now have been impacted by the warming climate. So, global warming may have been part of the reason that Harvey rapidly intensified just before landfall, and Irma became a record-breaking hurricane. Did global warming cause the incredible rain amounts that Harvey produced? As we discussed above, increased atmospheric humidity due to global warming is making storms such as Harvey more predisposed to heavier rainfall. However, this is not the only reason Texas saw such extraordinary rain totals. Remember that most hurricanes (such as Irma) come and go: they make landfall and keep on moving. Hurricane Harvey became a tourist. It hung around for a while and meandered due to weak steering currents. While most people focus on wind, the true destructive power of that storm was water. Bands of torrential rain plagued southeast Texas for more than five straight days. Think about that for a moment: Hurricane and tropical storm-induced heavy rain bands, day after day. The bottom line is that, while global warming may have provided Harvey with extra water vapor to generate increased rainfall, the bigger reason for the catastrophic rain amounts was the storm's unusually slow movement. And by the way, there is no way to know, based upon our current knowledge, whether global warming had any impact on Harvey's slow movement. Hopefully, future research will answer that question. By Meteorologist Paul Gross Graham Media Group 2017", "label": 0, "id": 325}
{"text": "President Donald Trump took a new swipe at U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday, referring to him in a tweet as \"beleaguered\" and wondering why he isn't digging into Hillary Clinton's alleged contacts with Russia. ( P. Bernstein) President Trump took his criticism of Jeff Sessions to a. good grief, you're going to always have squabbles of course the president wasn't happy that Sessions recluse himself from the Russian investigation from the Russian investigation. it's one of those situations damned if you do and damned if you don't. User from CA 2017.7.25 You will not get another ine because the democrats will not put another attorney general through Get down to business now and let all this other junk go by the way side repeal obama care and put another health care in but if you guys do not get together and quit going against each other because you want more medical Vicky Walters 2017.7.25", "label": 0, "id": 298}
{"text": "Even Jerry Springer Thinks This Election Is Too Much \u00a9 2016 Bloomberg Finance LP A chat with the host of the trashiest talk show in television history about Trump, Hillary, and the State of the Union. You can see it, almost: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton sitting just a few steps from each other onstage, going at each other\u2019s throats. \u201cIt\u2019s just awfully good that someone with the temperament of Donald Trump is not in charge of the law in our country,\u201d Clinton levels. Trump cuts in with a threat: \u201cBecause you\u2019d be in jail.\u201d The audience goes wild, collectively gasping, then cheering, either for their audacious, say-it-like-it-is savior, or because they\u2019re just thrilled with the entertainment. Maybe a chair gets thrown. It\u2019s not hard for Jerry Springer to picture some of the crazier moments from the 2016 presidential election on the set of his eponymous talk show. After all, the Jerry Springer Show traffics in drama and dysfunction, and that ugly scene\u2014minus the chair throwing\u2014played out live at the second presidential debate last week, one of the most brutal in recent history. \u201cI've never had a guest on my show who I thought should be president,\u201d says Springer, laughing. \u201cEver. Except the guy who married his horse.\u201d Faced with the prospect of a Trump presidency, Springer, a former Democratic mayor of Cincinnati who once ran for governor of Ohio, has thrown his hat back in the political ring to make the case for Clinton. Last month, he tweeted his assessment of the options facing the American people: \u201cHillary Clinton belongs in the White House. Donald Trump belongs on my show.\u201d We\u2019ll let him explain. GQ: The second debate was one of the most savage\u2014and personal\u2014we\u2019ve ever seen. How much did it remind you of your show? Jerry Springer: I mean, good God. Other than his money, how in the world is he different than people that are on my show? And that's not trying to be cute. That's the truth. I mean, I think about the issues of the people that come on our show, the language they use, the relationship dysfunctions. You know, other than your net worth, what is the difference, and why do people wind up calling people on my show trash? I've always said that wealthy people haven't cornered the market on propriety or morality or decency. We keep thinking, just because people are poor and maybe didn't go to college or something that all of the sudden they're trash, and then we see this running for president? The behavior's the same. After the first debate, you tweeted that Trump belongs on your show. In the style of segments like \u201cMy Girlfriend is a Man\u201d and \u201cI Married a Horse,\u201d what would you call the episode starring him? [laughs] Great question. Oh gosh, I\u2019ve gotta think\u2026\"I\u2019ll Beat That Blank To The White House.\" A hallmark of your show is when people start throwing chairs at each other. Be honest: Do you ever feel like thwacking Trump with a folding chair? [laughs] Well, I\u2019m nonviolent. I think he wouldn\u2019t come on my show\u2014nothing to do with chairs\u2014he wouldn\u2019t come on my show because he wouldn't want his hair pulled. You know, they're always pulling off the wig? That's why he wouldn't come on the show. There\u2019s been speculation that Trump is planning a new media empire to capitalize on his momentum after the election. Are you worried he\u2019s going to take your job? \"I'm sorry. I've ruined the culture.\" TRENDING THIS VERY SECOND travel-and-eats Where to Eat and Drink in Houston, the New Capital of Southern Cool culture Serena Williams' Catsuit Is Banned from All Future French Opens news-and-politics No One Knows Why This QAnon Conspiracy Theorist Was in the Oval Office with Trump Well he\u2019s far better on television than I am, so I'm not worried, because I'm 73 years old. [phone rings in the background] Some other person calling for money. [laughs] It's funny because, on a side note, and then I'll answer your question, once you're identified as being a Democrat and Hillary supporter, etc., then every Democrat running in the country starts calling you for money. WATCH Chris Hemsworth Goes Undercover on Twitter, YouTube, and Quora To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video WATCH Chris Hemsworth Goes Undercover on Twitter, YouTube, and Quora Share Tweet Email More. EMBED URL&lt;script async src=\"//player-backend.cnevids. /video/5b7490bd8c1abc4fee00001d.js?iu=/3379/conde. \"&gt;&lt;/script&gt; VIDEO URL /chris-hemsworth-goes-undercover-on-twitter-youtube-and-quora Our bad! It looks like we're experiencing playback issues. This live video has ended. It will be available to watch shortly. See what else is new Loaded: 0%Progress: 0% MuteVolume 0% Back Caption Options Close Settings Language English Font Size Small Medium Large Position Auto Bottom Top Sample Caption Text0:0:0:00 The problem with him doing my show is you've got to be able to tell the difference between a host and the guests. So they would have to run a graphic, they would have to keep saying, \"He's the host, he's the host, he's the host.\" But other than that, yeah, he's phenomenal on television. You\u2019re an ardent Hillary Clinton supporter. Aside from \u201cshe\u2019s not a demagogue,\u201d what\u2019s your case for her? Certainly in my lifetime, there\u2019s never been a human being more prepared, and more knowledgeable and more balanced to be president of the United States who hasn't already been one. In other words, when you run for reelection for president, you already know all of the world issues. But for someone who hasn't yet been president, I don't think there's another human being that could sit down with her and would know as much about what's going on in the world, has thought more about all these issues for her whole lifetime, than she has. She really is the most qualified person ever to run for president who hasn't been president before. And there's no particular benefit for me other than I love my country. I mean, I'm not looking for a political job. I'm literally just a citizen. And I do take it seriously. I'm [from] an immigrant family. So I take the State of Liberty very seriously. I mean, my family was lost in the Holocaust. We believe in the State of Liberty. This was the place we were going to come. And then you have someone running for president who is opposed to the idea [of] America? Religious, ethnic and all that kind of freedom? And wants to replace the State of Liberty with a wall? So I compare that to the qualifications of a Hillary. You\u2019ve talked about how the election is personal for you. How does it hit home? Someone comes to me and says, \"Well, if you knew Trump, he isn\u2019t personally bigoted.\" It doesn't matter\u2014that's irrelevant. He\u2019s smart enough to know that he is giving cover, he is giving voice to a very ugly notion that you will be judged in this country based on where you're from and what your religion is, what your ethnicity is, and in some instances, even what your color is. And gender. And your disabilities, if you have any. Well, we all have some disabilities. But it\u2019s, like, oh my god, this is so un-American. It's, like, a cruel irony to say we're going to make America great again. Hey! First understand what America is. That is personal. You\u2019re the former mayor of Cincinnati. What have you learned about politics in the two decades you\u2019ve been doing your show that you didn't know during your political career? I always knew we were all alike and the only thing that separated us [is] some of us were luckier in the gene pool of parents, and some of us had more money, and stuff like that. And I saw that in politics, and I see it in the people on my show. . 99 percent of what we are, we had nothing to do with. Not one person you will ever meet had anything to do with the decision to be born, to whom you'd be born, what kind of health, what kind of brain, what era, what country. None of this stuff. The last one percent of what we become is maybe due to our own efforts. But even that is based on what we were born with. If you understand that, then you will never ever judge people based on what they are. You will only judge people based on what they do. I guess I kind of knew that all along, and every job I\u2019ve ever had just confirmed what I've always believed, is that human beings are alike. Some are just luckier. Your show is in its 26th season\u2014 I apologize. [laughs] I'm sorry. I've ruined the culture. I'm so sorry. Oh, please, Rebecca, forgive me. I forgive you! What\u2019s one moment from this election that would have been way better on your stage? Well, any of the debates, clearly. And obviously the video. I mean, really. You can\u2019t even make a parody of it anymore. I can't\u2014it's almost, they\u2019re throwing softballs at me. It's, like, \"Hey! Here's a show topic, here's a show topic.\" I mean, I could have done a whole season of shows just on this campaign. But again, it\u2019s one thing to have a television [show] about that, which is the purpose of the show, to have it about dysfunctional behavior, and another thing to say, \"Gee, why doesn't the person on this show run for president?\" What? Who thought that was a good idea? You\u2019ve said Trump\u2019s blurring of politics and entertainment helped propel him to the GOP nomination. Are shows like yours to blame for Trump\u2019s rise? No, no one show. Lots of people watch the show and behave properly.", "label": 0, "id": 412}
{"text": "Remember back in August of 2015, when Donald Trump's women problem was contained to calling Rosie O'Donnell a \"pig\" at the first Republican debate and saying Megyn Kelly had \"blood coming out of her wherever\" for asking legitimate questions about his sexist treatment of women? Fast forward to present day (or, more accurately, last night), and we now have former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (and current Trump surrogate) literally daring Kelly to call Bill Clinton a \"sexual predator\" on live television after trying to denounce the coverage of Trump's numerous sexual misconduct allegations as unfair and biased. Thank goodness there are only 13 more days till the election because, honestly, how much more of this can the American people take? What began as a conversation between the Fox News anchor and former speaker of the house about Donald Trump's dwindling poll numbers soon turned into a hostile exchange about sexism, media bias, and the election. Recent reports, including one conducted by Fox News, show Clinton's numbers growing in several key states, making Trump's chances of becoming president all the more slim. Gingrich quickly interjected that all these polls are biased\u2014\"Fox News? I don't think so,\" Kelly countered\u2014before he launched into an attack on the media as a whole for focusing on the Access Hollywood tape and the numerous women who have come forward to corroborate the things Trump articulated on the leaked footage, rather than the leaked transcripts of Hillary Clinton's Wall Street speeches or her plans to allow \"600 million people\" to migrate to the country. \"The three major networks spent 23 minutes attacking Donald Trump [after the third presidential debate] and 57 seconds on Hillary Clinton's secret speeches,\" Gingrich said. \"You don't think this is a scale of bias worthy of Pravada and Izvestia?\" (Quick history aside: Pravada and Izvestia were two newspapers published in Soviet Russia.) Kelly articulated that \"if Trump is a sexual predator\"\u2014which Gingrich quickly denied\u2014and was revealed to have a lengthy history of sexual misconduct, Americans\u2014especially American women\u2014have the right to know this about a presidential nominee and the media should be required to cover it. Or so she tried to articulate before Gingrich once again interrupted her for using \"inflammatory\" language \"that is not true.\" \"You are fascinated by sex and you don't care about public policy,\" said a man who spent his tenure as speaker of the house obstructing the president and twenty-plus years dwelling on Bill Clinton's sexual history. \"Me? Really?\" Kelly countered, before Gingrich doubled down, saying, \"That's what I get out of watching you tonight.\" Kelly responded to this, saying, \"You know, Mr. Speaker, I'm not fascinated by sex, but I am fascinated by the protection of women and understanding what we're getting in the Oval Office and I think the American voters would like to know.\" \"Therefore we're going to send Bill Clinton back to the East Wing because, after all, you're worried about sexual predators?\" Gingrich interjected. \"Listen, it's not about me. It's about the women and men of America. The poll numbers show us that the women of America, in particular, are very concerned about these allegations, and, in large part, believe they are a real issue and don't want to dismiss the women.\" Kelly barely made her point before Gingrich once again interrupted, saying, \"You want a comment on whether the Clinton ticket has a relationship to a sexual predator?\" \"We, on The Kelly File, have covered that story as well,\" she countered. \"I want to hear you use the words 'Bill Clinton, sexual predator.' I dare you. Say 'Bill Clinton, sexual predator,\" Gingrich said, smirking all the while. Kelly, as expected, kept her cool, explained that she had, in fact, covered Clinton's past behavior on her show, before making the most sound counter-argument to Gingrich's challenge. \"He's not on the ticket,\u201d Kelly said. \u201cThe polls also show the American public is less interested in the deeds of Hillary Clinton\u2019s husband than they are in the deeds of the man who asks us to make him president, Donald Trump.\u201d As the segment drew to an end, Kelly bid farewell to her contentious guest, saying, \"We\u2019re going to have to leave it at that and you can take your anger issues and spend some time working on them, Mr. Speaker. Thanks for being here.\u201d To which Gingrich replied, \"And you too.\" Watch the full segment below.", "label": 1, "id": 406}
{"text": "Prior to Sunday's presidential debate, four women who have accused the Clintons of wrongdoing, including allegations of sexual deviancy, spoke at a press availability with Republican Donald Trump. Observers said Trump meant to contrast his vulgar leaked 2005 audiotape with the allegations from the women about their mistreatment at the hands of the Clintons. \"It's so important.when people are talking about. the words that Donald Trump uttered--he's very embarrassed.he's apologetic for those words,\" Juanita Broaddrick, 73, told Sean Hannity. Broaddrick has accused Bill Clinton of sexually assaulting her in 1978, and has said that Hillary Clinton attacked her character after she came forward with the original accusations. \"I've never heard one apology for what Hillary Clinton did to me after she threatened me after her husband raped me. I did have an apology from Bill Clinton, although he'll never admit it--I'd like to see him do it in-person,\" she said. Broaddrick added that she \"feared\" a Clinton presidency because she suspected that Hillary Clinton would seek retribution against her for speaking out once more. Watch the full clip above and let us know what you think in the comments. Krauthammer: Trump Threat to Prosecute Hillary Sounds Like a 'Banana Republic'", "label": 1, "id": 240}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton called Monica Lewinsky a \u201cnarcissistic loony tune.\u201d She called Gennifer Flowers \u201csome failed cabaret singer.\u201d She said Republicans in Congress had organized \u201ca vast right-wing conspiracy\u201d against her husband, President Bill Clinton. And now the former secretary of state and defeated Democratic presidential candidate says those of us still interested in the investigating of her conduct are engaging in an \u201cabuse of power.\u201d Hillary Clinton expects special treatment. She always has. The real question is: why did the FBI give it to her? The FBI\u2019s investigation of Hillary Clinton was referred to as \u201cspecial\u201d in an email sent by current FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe. He was the assistant director in charge of the FBI\u2019s Washington Field Office before his promotion to the second-ranking spot in the bureau. Despite a deep web of connections to Clinton, McCabe formally recused himself from the email investigation only a week before the 2016 election. McCabe\u2019s admissions are telling, but not inaccurate. Four months have passed since 20 members of the House Judiciary Committee demanded a special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton. No action from the Department of Justice has been taken. Only a special person could have her spouse meet with Attorney General Loretta Lynch on a tarmac in Phoenix during an ongoing criminal investigation. Recently released emails show that Bill Clinton purposely altered his departure to get time alone with Lynch. While the FBI was very concerned with punishing the agent who disclosed the Lynch-Bill Clinton meeting, the impropriety of the gathering garnered far less attention. When Lynch told then-FBI Director James Comey to refer to the Hillary Clinton investigation as a \u201cmatter\u201d rather than an \u201cinvestigation,\u201d language had a special meaning. According to McCabe, \u201cthe decision was made to investigate (Hillary Clinton) at HQ with a small team.\u201d The double standard is glaring. More prosecutors are currently investigating President Trump than were assigned to the Oklahoma City bombing, but Hillary Clinton got the small team at HQ. And how did the \u201csmall team at HQ\u201d handle the investigation? In a word \u2013 special. Somewhere between the first and the final draft, Comey\u2019s statement changed. He first wrote that Hillary Clinton\u2019s use of a private email server was \u201cgrossly negligent.\u201d The final draft said she was \u201cextremely careless.\u201d Comey\u2019s exoneration was drafted before the FBI interviewed key witnesses \u2013 including Clinton herself. When Intelligence Community Inspector General Charles McCullough confronted officials about the depth of Clinton\u2019s crimes, he faced threats and \u201cpersonal blowback\u201d against him and his family. McCullough\u2019s reports were delivered to then-Director of National Intelligence James Clapper. Clapper spoke of the \u201cheartburn\u201d that exposure would create for Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign. In every instance, being special has redounded to Hillary Clinton\u2019s political and legal benefit. Not so for President Trump. Some at the Department of Justice and the FBI seem to have a special bias against the president. FBI Agent Peter Strzok sent biased anti-Trump text messages. He worked on both the Clinton email scandal and the Mueller probe. It remains unclear what evidence he reviewed, generated or damaged in either investigation. Four months have passed since 20 members of the House Judiciary Committee demanded a special counsel to investigate Hillary Clinton. No action from the Department of Justice has been taken. As members of the Judiciary Committee, we have demanded an investigation into the FBI\u2019s procedures, practices, oversight and reporting. If biased agents have tainted evidence, we need to see it. If politically-interested prosecutors have an agenda, we need to know it. If our government institutions are being undermined by the deep state, we must expose it. After all, equal treatment under the law is just one thing that makes America so special. Republican Matt Gaetz represents Florida's 1st congressional district in the U.S. House of Representatives.", "label": 1, "id": 278}
{"text": "As seen on Justice With Judge Jeanine Issa: Comey Reopening FBI Clinton Email Probe 'Matter of His Integrity' In her Opening Statement last night, Judge Jeanine Pirro said FBI Director James Comey owes it to the American people to reveal what new information made him decide to reopen the Hillary Clinton email investigation. \"He's got to tell us what was discovered what was so big that he violated Justice Department and FBI guidelines and alerted the nation. He cannot hide behind protocol,\" Judge Jeanine said. She also called for a \"thorough, unbiased investigation,\" with search warrants, empaneling a grand jury and a deal with Huma Abedin to get the top Clinton aide to talk. \"Jim, go back to your roots,\" Judge Jeanine said. \"You were once a great prosecutor. Don\u2019t let Washington ruin you, too. You need to send these Clintons back to where they came from.\" Read the full transcript below, and let us know what you think in the comments. Liberals Bash FBI Director Comey Over Clinton Probe After Praising Him in July Mother of Jailed Sailor: 'Hold Hillary to Same Standards' as My Son on Classified Info The FBI\u2019s ability to get Huma Abedin- Hillary Clinton's closest advisor, confidante and State Department deputy chief of staff - to sing will make or break this election. Right now, reports are the FBI is negotiating with Huma's lawyers, stemming from her joint computer with pervert husband, disgraced ex -congressman Anthony Weiner. Here we go again: We are nine days from an election that will redefine this nation. And as I said last night, we're on the precipice of yet another constitutional crisis because of the Clintons. This time, involving an alleged pedophile, our nation's top secrets and a couple of grifters from Arkansas. You already know how I feel about all this from my open last night. The American people are entitled to know before we go to the voting booth what it was that caused FBI Director Comey to reopen the case. He's got to tell us what was discovered what was so big that he violated Justice Department and FBI guidelines and alerted the nation. He cannot hide behind protocol. The Justice guidelines 'don't let me talk' rule doesn't work anymore. The 'we don't comment on pending cases' doesn't work anymore. There are no ethical prohibitions. You have been invited by the target and her surrogates to release the information that caused you to reopen a closed case. If there is an indictment, Hillary is now foreclosed from objecting to such disclosure. My bet is, she knows you wont - but thinks that she\u2019s calling your bluff. If she really wanted to know, all she has to do is sit down with Huma and ask her. The investigation is then not compromised, since documentary evidence - here emails - do not change. So it's time to do what you didn't do last year- a thorough unbiased investigation, using all the tools available search warrants and empaneling a grand jury. No more mother may I routine. You\u2019re the one who got yourself in this mess. And now the American people are in a bigger mess. In 2013 Huma signed a document under penalty of perjury when she left the state department that she had turned over all classified materials and that she was not retaining copies. It seems that metadata on 650 thousand emails suggest otherwise. Huma swore under oath that she searched thru all her devices for anything state related. She had a chance to turn things over and she didn\u2019t. Start your negotiation there, Mr. Director. You've got her in a corner. It's time to throw some punches. Make your deal with Huma now. If you don't and Hillary gets elected, no one will care. Hillary will do what she\u2019s always done. She'll be appalled at Huma. She\u2019ll say she didn't know. She didn't remember. She short-circuited. She had a brain clot. She had no idea. Look, the American people are already traumatized by the Clinton scandals and we just can\u2019t take 4 more years of them. Word is that although Justice told your FBI guys to shut down the Clinton Foundation investigation, it\u2019s still ongoing. The justice dept. is dirty and you know it. Our attorney general actually pleaded the fifth on the Iran ransom probe. Loretta Lynch meeting with the spouse of a target and then the target herself days later saying I will keep Loretta Lynch as my attorney general is bribery pure and simple. Jim, go back to your roots. You were once a great prosecutor. Don\u2019t let Washington ruin you too. You need to send these Clintons back to where they came from. It\u2019s time for you to buck up put on your big boy pants and make a deal with Huma for the sake of this nation. You've got till Tuesday.", "label": 1, "id": 212}
{"text": "The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops called out former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon just days after he accused the Catholic Church of having ulterior motives in helping undocumented immigrants. James Rogers, the USCCB's chief spokesman, called Bannon's comments \"preposterous\" in a interview on Sirius Radio. Rogers was referring to Steve Bannon's interview with Charlie Rose on \"60 Minutes\" where he claimed the Catholic Church only needs \"illegal aliens\" as worshipers. Rogers says Bannon's statements are untrue. \"Our pro-immigration stance is based on fidelity to God's word and honors the American dream. For anyone to suggest that it is out of sordid motives of statistics or financial gain is outrageous and insulting,\" he added. \"And the Bible is so clear, so clear, that to treat the immigrant with dignity and respect, to make sure that society is just in its treatment of the immigrant is Biblical mandate,\" Dolan said. \"It's clear in the Old Testament -- my Jewish neighbors remind me of that all the time -- and it's clear from the lips of Jesus when he said, 'Whatever you do to the least of my brothers you do to me. When I was a stranger -- meaning an immigrant or a refugee -- you welcomed me.'\" Bannon's comments have drawn widespread criticism. Cardinal Timothy Dolan, the Archbishop of New York, said in an interview on the Catholic Channel on Sirius XM, \"I don't really care to go into what I think is a preposterous and rather insulting statement that the only reason we bishops care for immigrants is for the economic because we want to fill our churches and get more money.\" The full interview of Steve Bannon on \"60 Minutes\" will air this Sunday. Former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon is accusing the Catholic Church of needing \"illegal aliens\" as worshipers. \u201cThe Catholic Church has been terrible about this,\u201d he said while discussing immigration policy in a new interview Thursday. \u201cThe bishops have been terrible about this.\u201d \u201c[It\u2019s] because [they\u2019re] unable to really to \u2013 to \u2013 to come to grips with the problems in the church,\u201d Bannon continued on CBS\u2019s \u201c60 Minutes.\u201d \u201cThey need illegal aliens, they need illegal aliens to fill the churches.\u201d \u201cThey have an economic interest. They have an economic interest in unlimited immigration, unlimited illegal immigration.\u201d Bannon was discussing President Trump\u2019s decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. DACA temporarily blocks undocumented immigrants who were brought to the U.S. as children from deportation and lets them get renewable work permits. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday announced that Trump\u2019s administration would eliminate the program in six months. Nearly 800,0 \u201cDreamers,\u201d or DACA recipients, have benefited from the program since former President Barack Obama\u2019s administration implemented it in 2012.", "label": 0, "id": 279}
{"text": "Briefly: In our opinion, full (150% of the regular full position) speculative short positions in gold, silver and mining stocks are justified from the perspective at the moment of publishing this alert. Gold moved back and forth on Friday and the accompanying volume was high, but that\u2019s not the only important thing that we can discuss today. The week is over and we have weekly changes and weekly volume levels to analyze and we saw major moves in the important ratios. Additionally, we discovered a self-similar pattern in gold that has critical and volatile implications going forward. Let\u2019s start with Friday\u2019s session and the changes in the gold market (chart courtesy of Gold moved sharply back and forth as both positive and negative data was released and ultimately it ended the session a few dollars higher (based on kitco\u2019s prices, the closing price was $1,279.60). Why was the reaction so significant? The reason could be technical \u2013 the apex of the triangle was likely to be accompanied by a turnaround and since we just saw a more visible top a couple of days ago and apparently gold doesn\u2019t want to form a bottom here, then the only remaining outcome is a local daily top that doesn\u2019t change much \u2013 which is what we saw. Why do we think that gold doesn\u2019t want to bottom here? Because if it did, it would have ended Friday\u2019s session much higher. The USD Index moved lower, so gold had a good reason to close the session visibly higher, especially that it moved quite high on an intraday basis. Yet, it declined before the session was over and closed only insignificantly higher. If gold doesn\u2019t want to move higher, then silver must really hate that \u201cthought\u201d. The white metal declined once again and even though gold closed a bit higher, it managed to close lower. The move lower by itself is already bearish as it took place on visible volume, but it\u2019s very bearish once we take into account Thursday\u2019s breakdown. We previously commented on it in the following way: Silver declined and it reversed before the end of the session, which appears to be a reversal. But does this reversal really have bullish implications? It doesn\u2019t seem to be the case. The volume wasn\u2019t huge enough to confirm the reversal and it was not low enough to invalidate the bearish implications of the decline either. The key thing to the proper analysis of the silver price swing is the awareness of what the USD and S&amp;P 500 did. The former declined a bit, while stocks truly soared, which created perfect circumstances for a silver rally. Yet, instead of a rally, we saw a decline and a move below the rising support line based on the August and October lows. Consequently, silver\u2019s action was very bearish as it showed great weakness in this market. Moreover, the mentioned support line could be viewed as a neck level of a head and shoulders pattern (with a rather long right shoulder, similar to the one that we saw in the euro), which serves as an additional bearish indication (it\u2019s only a small addition to the bearish implications of the breakdown as such, as its implications are bearish regardless of the H&amp;S formation being in place or not). On Friday, the general stock market declined significantly but almost the entire decline was reversed before the end of the session. If we consider Thursday and Friday together, the S&amp;P 500 index still rallied considerably, but silver declined and was unable to invalidate its breakdown. The implications are strongly bearish. Let\u2019s move back to gold for a few minutes. In Friday\u2019s alert, we wrote the following regarding the above chart featuring gold priced in the euro: In terms of the euro, the bearish signals are much more profound. Gold has just broken below the rising, medium-term support line and the most recent local top was formed approximately at the apex of the triangle pattern (in terms of time). The latter makes it considerably more likely that an important top was just formed and thus that the breakdown that we just saw will be confirmed. As far as the apex of the triangle is concerned, it\u2019s actually a combination of two such patterns \u2013 they are based on the same tops and bottoms, but in one case (red lines) they are based on the intraday extremes and in the other case (black lines) they are based on the daily closing prices. The most recent top took place right between the apexes created based on both patterns. The mentioned breakdown is almost confirmed. Almost, because we would prefer to see three consecutive closing prices below the support line to see it as strong resistance, but we have already seen two of them, a weekly close and also a failed attempt to move back above the line. The breakdown is very close to being fully confirmed and the bearishness of the implications increased significantly based on Friday\u2019s session. Speaking of breakdowns, we saw one in the gold to S&amp;P 500 ratio, which\u2026 is nothing new, but still quite exciting and important. Why? Because due to several failed attempts to break below this level, we had to be skeptical toward the breakdown this time. The question was: \u201dWould this time be any different?\u201d It turned out that this time was different as the ratio moved back to the previously broken level, verified it as support and then continued to move lower on huge volume (precisely, the ratio itself doesn\u2019t have volume, so what we mean is the ratio of volumes). Why would the above be a big deal? Because this ratio moves in tune with gold when it comes to major price moves and \u2013 more importantly \u2013 there was only one similar case in the past 15 years when we saw a similar breakdown and it was in the early stages of the 2012 \u2013 2013 decline. Back then, it was a warning sign that practically nobody noticed. You\u2019ll probably not see it anywhere (except for this publication) this time either. Naturally, the implications are strongly bearish as the breakdown now appears believable. Mining stocks, just like gold moved back and forth and ended the session higher, however, the move was too tiny in terms of daily closing prices to be viewed as bullish. It\u2019s more of a big-volume reversal and the implications thereof are bearish. From the weekly point of view, we see that mining stocks declined and broke below the rising support lines based on the 2016 and 2017 lows and that the breakdown took place on big volume. All that happened after two weeks of low-volume upswings that we commented on in last Monday\u2019s alert: Finally, the weekly volume levels in the GDX ETF paint a very bearish picture for the following weeks. The GDX ETF is after 2 small, weekly rallies that were accompanied by very low volume when compared with the previous weeks. The last week had less trading days, but that doesn\u2019t explain the previous week\u2019s low volume reading. Moreover, we didn\u2019t see similarly low volume readings in the past Novembers, which suggests that we are correct to view the low volume levels as something important and meaningful. The only comparable situation from the recent past took place in mid-2014 (marked with a black arrow). In the following weeks, the GDX price was cut by a third. The bearish implications of the above just became more bearish as back in 2014, the first big-volume weekly decline meant that the big slide had just begun. The breakdown can also be seen in the case of the HUI to S&amp;P 500 index ratio. In other words, by looking at gold stocks\u2019 performance relative to other stocks. The breakdown is clear and confirmed by both weekly and monthly closing prices. The implications are bearish. All in all, the medium-term outlook is clearly bearish based on the above and based on the factors that we discussed previously and it seems that we\u2019ve been correct to be holding the short positions in metals and miners (especially in silver and miners). Still, it seems that the vast majority of the potential that these positions have is still to be realized. This is particularly the case given the similarities between what we\u2019re seeing now and what we saw before the previous slides. We already discussed some of those similarities above, but there\u2019s also something else that is likely in play right now. In early October, we described the analogy in performance between 2008 and the current period (at the moment) in gold stocks. It was almost two months ago, so even if you read it at that time, it might be worth reading it once again today (by the way, we are making that alert available publicly, so if you know someone who\u2019s interested in precious metals, but has doubts about using technical analysis to analyze it, please send them the link to that alert \u2013 they might change their minds - - - -more-things-change-the-more-they-stay-the-same/) \u2013 it\u2019s truly amazing how the similarity continued almost to the letter even though the two cases are almost a decade apart. Even the initial retracement of the HUI Index (38.2%) was identical. However, today we are not going to repeat the October analysis \u2013 we are going to discuss something alike\u2026 in gold. That\u2019s right, the gold market features similarities to its performance back in 2008. Before moving to details, let\u2019s state that the analogy is far from perfect. That\u2019s probably why we didn\u2019t discover it earlier. However, it\u2019s not the point to be picky about a technique, but rather to see if there is anything that it can give us and make us particularly aware of things that could come. With regard to the latter goal in mind, it seems that we have something very valuable. In both cases, we have a sharp rally that preceded a top, then we saw some kind of consolidation and another attempt to move higher, which failed (mid-2008 and second half of 2012) and started a decline. The decline was more or less twice the size of the decline from the key (March 2008 and late 2011) top. In 2008, we saw a corrective upswing that was followed by a move to almost the final bottom and from mid-2013 to early 2015 we saw several such corrective upswings. After the initial bottom (September 2008 and the final part of 2015) gold soared sharply. The sizes of the upswings differ on a relative basis, but it\u2019s understandable as back in 2008 the moves took place in a very short time, so the levels of emotionality among market participants were much higher. After the sharp rally, gold consolidated a bit (late September 2008 and mid-2016), then declined and moved close to the previous highs once again (October 2008 and September 2017). The decline that started thereafter in 2008 was the biggest and sharpest decline in many years. Naturally, this does not bode well for the near-term gold outlook. Conversely, it seems that we can expect the most important part of the decline to be just around the corner. The above implication is not the only interesting thing about the analogy, though. The detail that could be important going forward is the moment when the decline took a breather. At this time, the moves take more time, so the pauses could be longer and more visible as well and if we get enough bullish confirmations once gold moves to certain price levels, we might even adjust the trading position temporarily. In 2008, the first interim pause was at the most recent important low and the second pause was approximately the level from which the sharpest part of the previous huge rally started, which was strengthened by another support level (the previous low). We don\u2019t have price levels that would be 100% analogous, but we can see which levels are most similar. In our view, the most recent important lows would be close to the $1,200 level (March, May, and July 2017 bottoms) and the next strong support will be provided by the $1,120 - $1,130 area. That\u2019s approximately from where gold soared most sharply in early 2016 and this level is strengthened by the December 2016 low. These levels are most likely to generate support strong enough to trigger at least corrective rallies based on the analogy to what we saw in 2008 and based on their own strength as support. Naturally, that\u2019s what appears likely based on the data that we have today and the likely scenario could change as new developments unfold. There\u2019s one more thing that we left for the analytical dessert. Namely, back in 2008 the previous key low (September 2008 low, which is analogous to the late 2015 bottom) didn\u2019t trigger even a small rally. Consequently, even though a bottom or at least a correction will be widely expected once gold moves below $1,100, gold may continue to move lower and slide through $1,050 like a hot knife through butter. Finally, there\u2019s one more thing that makes the current situation in gold similar to 2008 \u2013 the overall increase in the volume levels. We already discussed, why the yearly volume levels at record highs should not be viewed as bullish (final part of the November 14 alert that we\u2019re linking to) and today we would like to add the observation that back in 2008 the volume levels also broke to new highs and stayed there for a long time. Yes, the volume has been growing almost constantly, but the 2008 and 2017 buildups in volume still stand out. The growth is much sharper than in other years and no other period is comparable to those years. Since the 2008 volume buildup was followed by a sharp decline in the precious metals sector, it seems that we might see something similar also this the next year. Summing up, there are multiple bearish signals in the gold market and in the rest of the precious metals sector and the analogies to previous major declines further support the bearish outlook. The big decline in PMs appears to be underway as the previously discussed long-term signals remain in place: gold\u2019s huge monthly volume, the analogy in the HUI Index, the analogy between the two most recent series of interest rate hikes, and the RSI signal from gold priced in the Japanese yen. To summarize: Trading capital (supplementary part of the portfolio; our opinion): Short positions (150% of the full position) in gold, silver and mining stocks are justified from the perspective with the following stop-loss orders and exit price levels / profit-take orders: Gold: exit price: $1,218; stop-loss: $1,366; exit price for the DGLD ETN: $51.98; stop-loss for the DGLD ETN $38.74 Silver: exit price: $15.82; stop-loss: $19.22; exit price for the DSLV ETN: $28.88; stop-loss for the DSLV ETN $17.93 Mining stocks (price levels for the GDX ETF): exit price: $21.23; stop-loss: $26.34; exit price for the DUST ETF: $29.97; stop-loss for the DUST ETF $21.37 In case one wants to bet on junior mining stocks' prices (we do not suggest doing so \u2013 we think senior mining stocks are more predictable in the case of short-term trades \u2013 if one wants to do it anyway, we provide the details), here are the stop-loss details and exit prices: GDXJ ETF: exit price: $30.28; stop-loss: $45.31 JDST ETF: exit price: $66.27; stop-loss: $43.12 Long-term capital (core part of the portfolio; our opinion): No positions (in other words: cash) Insurance capital (core part of the portfolio; our opinion): Full position Important Details for New Subscribers Whether you already subscribed or not, we encourage you to find out how to make the most of our alerts and read our replies to the most common alert-and-gold-trading-related-questions. Please note that the in the trading section we describe the situation for the day that the alert is posted. In other words, it we are writing about a speculative position, it means that it is up-to-date on the day it was posted. We are also featuring the initial target prices, so that you can decide whether keeping a position on a given day is something that is in tune with your approach (some moves are too small for medium-term traders and some might appear too big for day-traders). Plus, you might want to read why our stop-loss orders are usually relatively far from the current price. Please note that a full position doesn\u2019t mean using all of the capital for a given trade. You will find details on our thoughts on gold portfolio structuring in the Key Insights section on our website. As a reminder \u2013 \u201cinitial target price\u201d means exactly that \u2013 an \u201cinitial\u201d one, it\u2019s not a price level at which we suggest closing positions. If this becomes the case (like it did in the previous trade) we will refer to these levels as levels of exit orders (exactly as we\u2019ve done previously). Stop-loss levels, however, are naturally not \u201cinitial\u201d, but something that, in our opinion, might be entered as an order. Since it is impossible to synchronize target prices and stop-loss levels for all the ETFs and ETNs with the main markets that we provide these levels for (gold, silver and mining stocks \u2013 the GDX ETF), the stop-loss levels and target prices for other ETNs and ETF (among other: UGLD, DGLD, USLV, DSLV, NUGT, DUST, JNUG, JDST) are provided as supplementary, and not as \u201cfinal\u201d. This means that if a stop-loss or a target level is reached for any of the \u201cadditional instruments\u201d (DGLD for instance), but not for the \u201cmain instrument\u201d (gold in this case), we will view positions in both gold and DGLD as still open and the stop-loss for DGLD would have to be moved lower. On the other hand, if gold moves to a stop-loss level but DGLD doesn\u2019t, then we will view both positions (in gold and DGLD) as closed. In other words, since it\u2019s not possible to be 100% certain that each related instrument moves to a given level when the underlying instrument does, we can\u2019t provide levels that would be binding. The levels that we do provide are our best estimate of the levels that will correspond to the levels in the underlying assets, but it will be the underlying assets that one will need to focus on regarding the signs pointing to closing a given position or keeping it open. We might adjust the levels in the \u201cadditional instruments\u201d without adjusting the levels in the \u201cmain instruments\u201d, which will simply mean that we have improved our estimation of these levels, not that we changed our outlook on the markets. We are already working on a tool that would update these levels on a daily basis for the most popular ETFs, ETNs and individual mining stocks. Our preferred ways to invest in and to trade gold along with the reasoning can be found in the how to buy gold section. Additionally, our preferred ETFs and ETNs can be found in our Gold &amp; Silver ETF Ranking. As a reminder, Gold &amp; Silver Trading Alerts are posted before or on each trading day (we usually post them before the opening bell, but we don't promise doing that each day). If there's anything urgent, we will send you an additional small alert before posting the main one. ===== Latest Free Trading Alerts: On Wednesday, Trump nominated Goodfriend to the Fed\u2019s Board of Governors. What does it mean for the gold market? S&amp;P 500 index lost 0.2% on Friday, following volatile trading session and a bounce off support level at 2,600 mark. Is this a topping pattern or just another consolidation within medium-term uptrend? ===== Hand-picked precious-metals-related links: ===== In other news: ===== Thank you.", "label": 1, "id": 5}
{"text": "image: wikicommons Here\u2019s some good advice. Please don\u2019t place valuables likes money and passports in a planes overhead compartment! A couple was flying from Chicago back to Munich last week when they forgot some very precious and valuable cargo onboard. The couple left a bag containing $166,0 in the planes overhead compartment! Lucky for them, the story has a happy ending\u2026 The couple was able to go through customs using ID cards, not realizing that the bag they left behind contained their passports and \u201cAmerican cashier\u2019s checks \u2013 worth a total of $166,0,\u201d according to T+L. The man had just inherited the large sum of money from his mother. A cleaner saw the bag on the plane and turned it over to the airline. The airline then gave it to the local police who found the cashier\u2019s checks inside. When the police figured out who the owners of the bag were, they had already left the airport. According to T+L the \u201cpolice tracked them down to their home about two hours away\u201c. Once the man was told what he had left on the plane he headed right back to the airport to claim the valuable bag! Lucky for them this story ended well!", "label": 0, "id": 90}
{"text": "Postpartum depression has become more visible as celebrity moms including Brooke Shields, Drew Barrymore and Chrissy Teigen have publicly shared their struggles with feeling sad and hopeless after birth. But when a father \u2013 Adam Busby, from reality TV show \u201cOutDaughtered\u201d \u2013 recently opened up about his own postpartum depression, he received instant backlash, including comments telling him to \u201cman up.\u201d Despite the skepticism, postpartum depression in fathers is very real, with estimates that around 10 percent of men report symptoms of depression following the birth of a child, about double the typical rate of depression in males. Postpartum depression in women has been linked with hormonal shifts, but the role of hormones in men\u2019s postpartum depression has been unknown. In an attempt to solve this mystery, my colleagues and I recently tested whether men\u2019s levels of the hormone testosterone are related to their postpartum depression risk during early parenthood. We found that men\u2019s testosterone levels might predict not only their own postpartum depression risk, but their partner\u2019s depression risk as well. Testosterone levels in flux through life changes Testosterone is an androgen hormone, responsible for the development and maintenance of male secondary sex characteristics. It promotes muscle mass and body hair growth, and motivates sexual arousal and competitive behavior. Many studies have found that testosterone dips in new fathers across the animal kingdom. Among animals that engage in the biparental care of offspring \u2013 Mongolian gerbils, Djungarian hamsters, California mice and cotton-top tamarins \u2013 males show lower testosterone levels following the birth of pups. Human males also often show declines in testosterone around the birth of their infants. In one of the largest studies of testosterone and fatherhood, anthropologist Lee Gettler and his colleagues followed over 600 single men in the Philippines for about five years. If men became partnered fathers during that time, their testosterone levels decreased more than the men who stayed single. Gettler also found that fathers who spent more time with their children showed lower testosterone, suggesting that testosterone may be suppressed by paternal caregiving. Along similar lines, psychologist Robin Edelstein and I found that men assessed repeatedly over their partner\u2019s pregnancy showed declining testosterone levels from early to late pregnancy. Men whose testosterone dropped more dramatically were more likely to report postpartum commitment and investment in their romantic relationships with their partners. Researchers still haven\u2019t identified exactly what causes men\u2019s testosterone to change over the transition to parenthood. Possible suspects include proximity to the partner or infant, increased stress or disrupted sleep and exercise routines. Lower testosterone, higher depression Previous research has linked testosterone with men\u2019s depression levels in general. Low testosterone may contribute to the feelings of lethargy and disinterest in normally pleasurable activities that characterize depression. In fact, some psychiatrists have even suggested prescribing testosterone supplements to treat depression in men. However, no studies had specifically looked at the potential role of testosterone in fathers\u2019 postpartum depression. My colleagues and I analyzed data from the Community Child Health Research Network, a National Institutes of Health-funded study of new parents\u2019 health and well-being. The study recruited moms after the birth of an infant and followed them for several years, along with their partners. At one of the study sites, in Lake County, Illinois, men also provided saliva samples for testosterone analysis when their infants were around nine months old. Both moms and dads reported on their symptoms of depression several times across the first few years of parenthood. We found that dads with lower testosterone reported feeling more depressed. This fits with other research into how testosterone and depression work together. But ours is the first study to observe this relationship specifically in fathers of infants. Given that many men show drops in testosterone over the transition to parenthood, this finding may help explain why the postpartum period is such a high-risk time for depression in men. An unexpected side effect \u2013 for the moms We were surprised when we examined links between men\u2019s testosterone and their partners\u2019 depression. Yes, low testosterone seemed to put men at higher risk for depressive symptoms. But men\u2019s levels had the opposite effect for their partners: Women with lower-testosterone partners actually reported fewer symptoms of depression. Why would that be? We tested one possible explanation by looking at how women rated their relationships. It turned out that moms paired with low-testosterone men reported higher relationship satisfaction, and their higher relationship satisfaction predicted lower rates of depressive symptoms. In other words, having a low-testosterone mate might make for a better-quality relationship, in turn reducing the likelihood that women will become depressed. We know social support from a partner can protect women against developing postpartum depression, so our finding fits with that research. Lower-testosterone men may be more dedicated to their relationships or spend more time with children, helping to relieve some of the pressure on moms. At around 15 months postpartum, we also checked moms\u2019 ratings of whether their partners hurt, threatened, yelled at or insulted them. If men had higher testosterone, moms reported higher levels of intimate partner aggression about six months later. Testosterone is associated with more aggressive and competitive behavior. Our finding shows a potential dark side to high testosterone in the postpartum period. Dads also told us about their parenting stress at 15 months postpartum, reporting on emotions such as feeling trapped by parenting responsibilities, believing their children made too many demands on them and lacking warm feelings toward their children. At first, we didn\u2019t find a link between men\u2019s testosterone levels and their parenting stress. But after we statistically controlled for the relationship between low testosterone and depression, we saw that higher testosterone put men at greater risk of experiencing problems in the parenting relationship. This result suggests that, once you adjust for their potentially lower risk of depression, high-testosterone men may find parenting to be more stressful. A happy medium for testosterone? Our results suggest that fathers of infants might be at risk at both sides of the postpartum testosterone spectrum. At low levels, they might be more vulnerable to depression. But at high levels, they might have less satisfying and more aggressive relationships, less happy partners and more parenting stress. In terms of resilience to depression and stress, men with average levels of postpartum testosterone seemed to fare best. Our findings reveal that men\u2019s postpartum testosterone has a complex relationship with family health. From an evolutionary perspective, lower testosterone during the transition to parenthood may help motivate men to invest in their family. In the animal kingdom, lower-testosterone males spend more time with infant pups and show less aggression toward them. So it makes sense that human males would show shifts in testosterone as they adapt to parenthood. But these shifts may make men more vulnerable to mood disorder symptoms. Perhaps this is because lower-testosterone men are taking a more hands-on role in the family and helping more with infant care. Their contributions are great news from the family\u2019s perspective, but may put men at heightened risk of some of the same depressive symptoms that many new mothers face. After all, caring for infants is hard, draining work. In modern industrialized societies like the United States, many new parents lack the extended family support networks that can help lighten the burden of childcare. And in the U.S., paternity leave is a rarity, and many dads struggle with family-unfriendly work arrangements that drain time and energy. Just as new moms can feel overwhelmed and isolated after spending long hours tending to their babies, so too can dads. If new dads (or moms) are experiencing depressed moods after the birth of their infants, they can take some comfort in the fact that these feelings are normal \u2013 and may even be rooted in our evolutionary biology. There\u2019s no shame in seeking help, whether it\u2019s talking to a friend, prioritizing sleep and exercise, or visiting a therapist. Postpartum depression affects the whole family and should be taken seriously. Darby Saxbe, Assistant Professor of Psychology, University of Southern California \u2013 Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.", "label": 0, "id": 181}
{"text": "Days after Steven Bannon\u2019s blustery, accusatory interview on \u201c60 Minutes,\u201d in which he warned the apostates blocking President Trump\u2019s agenda that he\u2019s coming after them, Trump confirmed it -- there is no such thing as Trumpism. In recent weeks he\u2019s assured Democrats he backs legalizing the Dreamers, affirmed a commitment to foreign aid in front of the United Nations, and said he\u2019s adding troops in Afghanistan. Will Trump now accept \u201cbetter\u201d terms he wants in the Paris climate accord? Too bad for Bannon, because none of this is remotely the fault of his favorite punching bags, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell and House Speaker Paul Ryan, just Trump himself. Bannon\u2019s new self-described role as \u201cwingman\u201d growling from outside instead of inside the White House -- where as chief strategist he fought openly against the \u201cglobalist\u201d forces he believed included Trump\u2019s family members -- isn\u2019t going very well. Trump keeps screwing things up for the Breitbart News commander. After getting fired last month he lamented to the Weekly Standard that \u201cthe Trump presidency that we fought for, and won, is over.\u201d But upon reflection, Bannon realized that lame duck talk diminishes his own power, so he\u2019s in overdrive fighting for scraps of a policy vision the president embraces spasmodically. Bannon says he\u2019s enjoying having \u201cmy hands back on my weapons,\u201d but he\u2019s outside looking in at a West Wing filled with elites from Goldman Sachs -- the very definition of \u201cthe swamp\u201d that Bannon is always frothing about. There, a president is spending political donations on legal fees while his staffers go deep in debt with mounting lawyer bills, visitor logs are kept secret so voters have no idea who is permitted into the Oval Office to influence the president, and a kleptocracy thrives where Trump and his children continue to be enriched by business connected to foreign governments, including the Chinese. Cabinet secretaries are using government planes for private use and private planes for government work -- violations that would have sparked endless Breitbart bonfires under President Obama. In reality, however, there was little left of Trumpism to trumpet even before Bannon was fired. He\u2019s got the travel ban (or at least a modified version of it), and maybe the promised withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement; Bannon will claim credit if Trump pulls out of the Iran nuclear deal -- but that\u2019s about it. On trade and immigration, the president has retreated from Bannon\u2019s barricade-crashing proposals and has not withdrawn from NAFTA, not imposed tariffs on Chinese steel imports, has three times backed off threats over funding for a border wall and now come out in favor of what Bannon calls \u201camnesty.\u201d Yet Bannon has declared war, promising to take out incumbent Republican senators who aren\u2019t sufficiently loyal to the president. Targets are guilty of insufficient fealty to Trump himself, not to an agenda once thought of as Trumpism. With the backing of loyal mega-donor Robert Mercer, the Bannon forces are targeting Sen. Jeff Flake, and potentially Sens. Bob Corker and Roger Wicker as well. GOP leaders are incensed over the millions more they will spend protecting those lawmakers, money that could be spent trying to knock off Democrats. Currently Bannon is working to elect Roy Moore to replace sitting Sen. Luther Strange in the Alabama Senate race. Trump has endorsed Strange, also backed by McConnell. Bannon is backing the more Trumpian candidate and, well, Trump is not. Bannon, ironically, purports to be interested in protecting GOP majorities in Congress. Before he could imagine Trump giving away the store on DACA to Democratic leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, Bannon declared in his \u201c60 Minutes\u201d interview that preserving President Obama\u2019s executive order would cause a GOP civil war. He expects Dreamers to run out their permits and \u201cself-deport,\u201d because \u201camnesty is non-negotiable.\u201d He also said, \u201cI\u2019m worried about losing the House now because of this,\u201d adding that his fear is \u201cin February and March it will be a civil war inside the Republican Party.\u201d But if civil war in the GOP isn\u2019t Bannon\u2019s aim, it's hard to know what is. He blames everything on Ryan and McConnell. \u201cThey do not want Donald Trump\u2019s populist economic agenda to be implemented. It\u2019s very obvious. It\u2019s obvious as night follows day,\u201d he told Charlie Rose. In the name of Trumpism, Bannon swallows heavy doses of denial. After all, when Trump threatened to withdraw from NAFTA, the president\u2019s kids and other aides made calls to the Canadian government and arranged for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to call Trump and talk him off the ledge. It wasn\u2019t Ryan or McConnell. Trump\u2019s approval ratings remain low, Bannon said, \u201cbecause he hasn\u2019t -- we haven\u2019t gotten the wall built.\u201d Earth to Steve: Trump has signaled to Congress the wall is a joke. In the wake of the DACA debacle, Breitbart called the president \u201cAmnesty Don,\u201d yet Bannon himself has stayed sheepishly silent. Ann Coulter, author of \u201cIn Trump We Trust,\u201d tweeted: \u201cLooks like Bannon got it wrong. That shadowy force trying to nullify the 2016 election . is @realDonaldTrump.\u201d Rep. Steve King told the Associated Press the president was destroying his support by betraying his campaign promise, and that his base is \u201cirreparable, disillusioned beyond repair.\u201d King added, \u201cNo promise is credible.\u201d Sam Nunberg, a close Bannonite, conceded: \u201cThe reality is sinking in that the Trump administration is on the precipice of turning into an establishment presidency.\u201d But Bannon isn\u2019t just breaking plates at Breitbart, he\u2019s building his own brand. Last week, like any other dime-a-dozen elitist, Bannon attended an investor conference in Hong Kong. He told the exclusive gathering he speaks to Trump every two-to-three days, despite White House denials that the president has spoken more than once with Bannon since he left. Before Trump disappointed him on DACA, Nunberg had hailed Bannon\u2019s increased influence with Trump. \u201cI think Steve leaves and a week later he [Trump] pardons Arpaio and they suspend DACA. I don\u2019t think there was any coincidence there,\u201d Nunberg told BuzzFeed. Bannon remains fixated on the threat China poses to the United States, has grimly predicted we will be at war with that nation within five-to-10 years over its buildup of military installations in the South China Sea, and said we\u2019re already \u201cat economic war\u201d with China. Yet his domestic bark in this regard doesn\u2019t seem to be the same as his overseas-investor-conference bite. Once there, the New York Times described Bannon as \u201cmore subdued about the purported Chinese threat.\u201d The Wall Street Journal reported he described Trump\u2019s great respect for President Xi and prospects for trade, but that \u201cthe U.S. needs to play a stronger role in changing the system in China, an attendee recalled.\u201d It\u2019s a far cry from a trade war on steel. Perhaps over time, Bannonism will go the way of Trumpism. A.B. Stoddard is associate editor of RealClearPolitics and a columnist. She is also host of \"No Labels Radio\" on Sirius XM's POTUS Channel. Secret Message from God Found in Human DNA (See What It Says)", "label": 1, "id": 8}
{"text": "U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton acknowledges the crowd at a campaign rally in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, U.S. November 1, 2016. Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign is refocusing on Donald Trump and turning away from the latest investigation of her emails, reminding voters of all the reasons why she believes Trump is unqualified to be president. At three Florida rallies Tuesday, CBS News\u2019 Nancy Cordes reports that Clinton ticked through her opponent\u2019s most notorious comments about the opposite sex. \u201cI want all the girls in America to know: you are valuable,\u201d Clinton said at a rally in Fort Lauderdale. \u201cDon\u2019t let somebody like this bully tell you otherwise!\u201d To another crowd in Dade City, Florida, she added: \u201cHe calls women ugly, disgusting, nasty, all the time. He doesn\u2019t see us as full human beings.\u201d For proof of her closing argument, Clinton turned to former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, who Trump publicly shamed in 1997 for gaining a little weight. \u201cHe said to me, Miss Piggy, Miss Housekeeping, Miss Eating Machine,\u201d Machado said, joining Clinton in Dade City. It\u2019s a closing argument aimed not just at female voters but also the men who love them. The Clinton campaign released a series of ads Tuesday -- all of them with the same message. \u201cI wouldn\u2019t feel good as a father voting for somebody like that,\u201d one man says in an ad. In Columbus, Ohio, President Obama warned that Trump is unlikely to change. \u201cIf you disrespected women before you were elected, you will disrespect women once you\u2019re president,\u201d he said. But in Fort Lauderdale, a protester interrupted Clinton with a sign that said her husband, former President Bill Clinton, is a rapist -- a common sight at Clinton rallies that set her off last night. \u201cI am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous divisions and behaviors of people who support Donald Trump,\u201d Clinton said. Aides to the Democratic nominee insist the race is not as tight as new polls suggest. And yet they\u2019ve begun airing ads in four states that supposedly tilt their way: Michigan, Virginia, Colorado, and New Mexico. The campaign says that is not a sign of nervousness -- it\u2019s a sign that they still have a startling $150 million in the bank so why not put it to good use, especially if it helps Democrats down the ballot. But that doesn\u2019t explain why Clinton has added a stop in one of those states -- Michigan -- to an already packed schedule.", "label": 1, "id": 288}
{"text": "Phi Kappa Psi fraternity house on the University of Virginia campus. CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. \u2014 Rolling Stone\u2019s deputy managing editor admitted on the stand Thursday that mistakes were made with the magazine\u2019s since-discredited campus rape story, testifying that it \u201cbroke a lot of us.\u201d \u201cEveryone was yelling at us and rightfully so,\u201d Sean Woods said of the reaction to the story after gang rape claims made by a University of Virginia student, identified only as Jackie, were called into question. \u201cWe needed people to know that we were addressing it as our story was falling apart.\u201d The editor testified at the defamation trial against Rolling Stone, which is being sued for $7.85 million by former UVA associate dean Nicole Eramo, who claims the magazine\u2019s \u201cA Rape on Campus\u201d story painted her as being indifferent to Jackie\u2019s allegations that she was gang raped at a fraternity. \u201cI\u2019m sorry if I hurt you,\u201d Woods told Eramo in court. \u201cIf? Did you hurt her or not? \u2026Do you think Ms. Eramo was hurt by this story!\u201d the former dean\u2019s lawyer, Libby Locke, asked him angrily. \u201cI do. I think she is a public figure and subject to criticism,\u201d Woods explained. Earlier, he\u2019d said that none of the journalists involved with the piece ever fully \u201crecovered.\u201d \u201cYou pick up the pieces and you move on,\u201d he said. \u201cI think all of our reputations were trashed. It was a terrible blow.\u201d Woods said he offered to resign after they decided to retract the story in Dec. 2014, but Rolling Stone publisher Jann Wenner wouldn\u2019t let him. He testified that he was in denial when he left a voicemail for Jackie after the story was retracted saying, \u201cWe are standing behind the story. We want to stand by the story.\u2019\u201d \u201cIt\u2019s like the stages of grief,\u201d he told jurors.", "label": 0, "id": 61}
{"text": "Chelsea Clinton strikes a pose during the Democratic National Convention in Denver, Tuesday, Aug. 26, 2008. Photos: Chelsea Clinton through The Years Photos: Presidential Daughters Photos: White House Weddings WASHINGTON Newly leaked emails show consternation among those closest to Hillary Clinton about how Bill Clinton\u2019s business dealings might damage his reputation and potentially affect her presidential hopes. The emails, posted Monday by the WikiLeaks organization, also give insight into tension and turmoil within the Clinton Foundation while Clinton was serving as secretary of state. The chief operating officer of the family charity was reported to be threatening to commit suicide over the stress. WikiLeaks began releasing on Friday what it says are years of messages from the accounts of Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta. Podesta has acknowledged his emails were hacked, but warned the messages may have been altered or edited to do political damage to Clinton. It wasn\u2019t immediately clear who hacked Podesta\u2019s emails, though U.S. intelligence officials last week blamed the Russian government for a series of breaches and leaks intended to influence the presidential election. The emails that circulated among Podesta, Chelsea Clinton and former Bill Clinton aide Doug Band detail internal tensions that simmered inside the Clinton Foundation and appear to have played a role in Band\u2019s departure from the family charity. Internal concerns among Clinton family intimates about Band and the private corporate advisory firm he co-founded, Teneo Holdings, have been previously detailed in several media accounts. But the new emails provide raw glimpses of an apparent power struggle between the Clintons\u2019 daughter and Band, who worked closely for Bill Clinton for more than a decade after the end of the Clinton administration. In an email exchange from December 2011, Chelsea Clinton tells Podesta and others - including Clinton adviser and current Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe - that she\u2019s increasingly concerned about Teneo. The email includes a forwarded news article that alleges that Bill Clinton had collected $50,0 a month through Teneo from MF Global, the commodities brokerage formerly run by former New Jersey Gov. Jon Corzine, while MF Global was preparing to file for bankruptcy. Chelsea Clinton told Podesta and others that two people separately came up to her at a London event for the Clinton Foundation to raise concerns that someone representing Teneo clients had been calling members of the British Parliament \u201con behalf of President Clinton\u201d without her father\u2019s knowledge. Chelsea Clinton said the calls had people in London \u201cmaking comparisons\u201d between the \u201cprofit motivations\u201d of the former president and former Prime Minister Tony Blair. \u201cWhich would horrify my father,\u201d Chelsea Clinton wrote. Band wrote in an email that Chelsea Clinton seemed more concerned about critical news coverage about MF Global, a derivatives broker, and Band\u2019s advisory firm, Teneo, than published reports about Bill Clinton\u2019s infidelity. \u201cI realize it is difficult to confront and reason with her but this could go (too) far and then we all will have a real serious set of other problems,\u201d Band vented in an exchange sent to Podesta. \u201cI don\u2019t deserve this from her and deserve a tad more respect. . She is acting like a spoiled brat kid who has nothing else to do but create issues to justify what she\u2019s doing because she, as she has said, hasn\u2019t found her way and has a lack of focus in her life.\u201d The emails reflect the ascendance of Chelsea Clinton - as early as 2011 - inside the family charity. The younger Clinton was recently was anointed as the Clinton Foundation\u2019s future leader if her mother wins the presidency next month. Bill Clinton announced in August that he planned to step down from the charity\u2019s board if his wife becomes president. Chelsea Clinton will remain on the organization\u2019s board. Bill Clinton explained in a letter to supporters in August that he would resign and stop raising funds for the charity to eliminate \u201clegitimate concerns about potential conflicts of interest.\u201d Calls seeking comment from the Clinton Foundation and from Teneo, where Band works, received no response Monday. Also in December 2011, Clinton Foundation chief operating officer Laura Graham contacted Band to complain that stress she blamed on the former president and Chelsea Clinton was causing her to consider suicide. Band wrote that when Graham called him, she was in her car parked near the water with her foot on the gas pedal. He said he dissuaded her from hurting herself. \u201cShe called me to tell me the stress of all of this office crap with wjc and cvc as well as that of her family had driven her to the edge and she couldn\u2019t take it anymore,\u201d Band wrote in an email to Podesta and Cheryl Mills, then Hillary Clinton\u2019s chief of staff. Graham later departed the Clinton Foundation, taking a new job with the Empire State Development Corporation. Phone messages left for Graham on Monday received no response. \u00a9 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.", "label": 0, "id": 300}
{"text": "As we are writing this, Donald Trump is clothed in his war regalia as he prepares for a battle with the judiciary, the press, the CIA and probably innocent Americans. The good news is that we have a powerful and high-ranking military officer is not going to let Trump oppress the world. Air Force Chief of Staff Dave Goldfein may not have called Trump out directly, but his words are pointed at the president. In his interview with the press, Goldfein didn\u2019t spare words of wisdom that Trump should better listen to. Earlier this week, President Trump aka \u2018Orange Tyrant\u2019 was at the MacDill Air Force Base to give his ridiculous and meaningless speeches. Imagine what he told the military officers who left what they should be doing to listen to him if they don\u2019t like him, he is not going to like them. Barely a day after the president made this comment; Goldfein apparently seemed to implicitly attack what the president said. He said that \u201cThis is a great opportunity to step back and remind ourselves and the American people of the oath we take as members of the military.\u201d Goldfein said that the oath they too and they always retake every time they were promoted was to defend and support the American Constitution against any enemy both in the domestic and foreign arena. By design, these military officers do not pledge to defend or support any leader or party because they are apolitical. The military is not too friendly with the president according to Goldfein, one day; the military may be protecting the people from Trump. Goldfein indirectly criticized the disastrous raid in Yemen authorized by Trump, the assurance of Trump that the SEAL was going to have a field only pointed out that he was a local fish without the experience of swimming in the international waters. One of the things that Goldfein is proud of is the fact that the military cannot lose sight that they go to war with their values. People who are critical of the efforts that the military undertakes each day to stop causalities are not aware of who the military are. Indeed, Goldfein is a true patriot who defends the real values of American. We are happy with the service that he is offering passionately to our country to ensure that our ideals are maintained. It doesn\u2019t look like the upper class of the military really like Trump. They have rejected the requested Trump made for the military to go for the fascist-style military parade for his Inauguration Day. Americans need patriots like Goldfein. It is time for each one of us to stand up.", "label": 1, "id": 174}
{"text": "(ThyBlackMan.com) Even though I am black, I was raised on Superman\u2019s; truth, justice and the American way. I always believed Americans were the world\u2019s good guys. As a kid, I watched my mom cry over \u201cI Love Lucy\u201d TV stars Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz getting a divorce. I remember our entire family, mom, dad and five kids gathered around our single television; nail-biting tension in the air as we nervously awaited the final out for our Baltimore Orioles to win the World\u2019s Series over the Pittsburgh Pirates. Despite our country\u2019s racial issues, we patriotically embraced the distinct American culture. We were Americans. When President JFK said, \u201cAsk not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country\u201c, I believe a majority of Americans agreed with him. For years, I sang my song, \u201cCelebrate America\u201d at Naturalization Oath of Allegiance Ceremonies. I thought it was pretty cool that mine was the first song new Americans heard after taking their oath of allegiance. I witnessed thousands of immigrants who jumped through all the hoops, learned our language and history and tearfully pledged their allegiance. I still remember a gentleman who appeared to be in his 90s, raised to his feet from a wheelchair by a grandchild on each arm. Their entire family wept as he took his oath. Clearly, it meant something extremely special to become an American. It pained me deeply watching Obama lower the bar, redefining and dumbing down what it means to be an American. Obama rolled out the red carpet welcoming tens of thousands of illegals to invade our country for welfare benefits; even benefits unavailable to American citizens. For immigrants legally becoming new citizens, Obama made pledging to defend our county optional. Assuming Hillary would win the WH, Obama figured his illegal invaders would eventually be gifted voting rights. It did not matter to Obama that they had no desire to embrace our culture, respect our flag or learn to speak English. In essence, Barack Obama took the majestic shine off of becoming an American. The late queen of cosmetics, Mary Kay Ash said the speed of the leader is the speed of the gang. Unarguably, Obama\u2019s disdain and disrespect for Americanism trickled down infecting our country. Public schools banned the singing of \u201cGod Bless the to be an America\u201c. Students were barred from wearing t-shirts to school featuring the U.S. flag on Cinco De Mayo claiming it was hateful and insensitive to illegal Mexican students. Multimillionaire pro athletes refused to stand for our national anthem, proclaiming themselves victims of America. Their example of dissing our flag trickled down to high and middle school athletes across America. Under Barack Obama, JFK\u2019s words inspiring Americans to strive for excellence for the good of their country were thrown on the junk-heap of forgotten history. Obama\u2019s new Americanism was about demonizing and punishing self-reliant achievers, pandering to lazy parasites and addicting as many Americans as possible to big government dependency. Due to decades of our Leftist controlled public schools abandoning teaching U.S. history, far too many Americans quickly surrendered their precious God-given and fought for freedom and liberty for a free Obama phone and his promise to Robin Hood the rich. Ben Franklin said, \u201cThose who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.\u201d Barack Obama actually launched an ad campaign begging illegals to apply for food stamps. Using a Hispanic soap opera , Barack Obama told illegals that applying for as many U.S. government freebie programs as possible was the honorable thing to do for their families. It was also painful watching Barack Obama insidiously divide Americans into supposed victimized voting blocs; blacks, Hispanics, women, transgenders and so on. Suddenly, we became an entitlement-minded gimme-society; everyone running around claiming America abused them and therefore owed them a living. I kept thinking what the heck is going on. We are better than this. I wanted to scream from the roof tops, \u201cThis is not who we are. Darn it, we are AMERICANS!\u201d In my song, \u201cWe Are Americans\u201d , I ask my fellow Americans to repent and return to our founding principles. I was pleasantly surprised to learn that Mark Levin recently penned a book in which he brilliantly articulated the source of my heartache for my country; the well-orchestrated cultural and moral decline of America. Levin\u2019s book is titled, \u201cRediscovering Americanism And The Tyranny of Progressivism\u201d The good news is Donald Trump winning the WH in an electoral landslide proves that despite decades of Leftists trying to convince Americans that we are the greatest source of evil in the world, the masses still love our country and long to see her made great again. And for that, I am extremely hopeful and grateful. Prayerfully, Trump will usher in us becoming Americans again. Staff Writer; Lloyd Marcus Chairman of The Campaign to Defeat Barack Obama. Please help me spread my message by joining my Liberty Network. Lloyd is of the American Tea Party Anthem and author of Confessions of a Black Conservative, foreword by Michele Malkin.", "label": 1, "id": 608}
{"text": "Only hours after President Donald Trump's aide, Kellyanne Conway, had a fiery exchange with CNN's Chris Cuomo over whether or not the White House was obsessed about Hillary Clinton, the president completely undercut her argument. On Thursday morning, the president, spending his \" Executive Time\" watching \"Fox &amp; Friends,\" angrily tweeted about his Democratic opponent in 2016, while slamming the infamous dossier in an attempt to distract from the ongoing probe by special counsel Robert Mueller into the Trump campaign's alleged ties to the Kremlin. Disproven and paid for by Democrats \u201cDossier used to spy on Trump Campaign. Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the Election?\u201d @foxandfriends Did Dems or Clinton also pay Russians? Where are hidden and smashed DNC servers? Where are Crooked Hillary Emails? What a mess! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2018 But just the night before, Conway vociferously defended Trump and insisted no one in the White House cared about Clinton. \"We don't care about her. Nobody here talks about her,\" Conway said. \"Nobody here talks about Hillary Clinton, I promise you.\" \"We don't care about her. Nobody here talks about her.\" Kellyanne Conway claimed that while many cannot get over the 2016 presidential election, the White House does not talk about Hillary Clinton. pic.twitter. 73q9nZnF5 \u2014 CNN (@CNN) January 11, 2018 Conway also asserted that the public still had not gotten over the election and that most haven't moved on. Trump, however, was handing out electoral maps last year touting his victory. \"So many people can\u2019t get over the election results,\" Conway said. Cuomo fired back, \"Says my friend who can\u2019t keep Hillary Clinton\u2019s name out of her mouth.\" \"I'll make you a deal,\" Conway said. \"I'll never talk about her [Clinton] again, but then you can't talk about the 2016 election.\" \"I'm not, I haven't mentioned the election once,\" Cuomo replied. In recent months, Conway has tweeted about Clinton on numerous occasions herself. It took Hillary abt 5 minutes to blame NRA for madman's rampage, but 5 days to sorta-kinda blame Harvey Weinstein 4 his sexually assaults. \u2014 Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) October 10, 2017 So, Hillary blames Bernie 4 Trump's \"Crooked Hillary\", blames Obama 4 \"lay off Bernie\", blames Bernie Bros 4 sexism. \u2014 Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) September 5, 2017 The two continued to talk over each other, and Cuomo brought up the alleged Russian election meddling, as well as the June 2016 Trump Tower meeting in which top Trump campaign officials met with a Russian lawyer with potential ties to the Kremlin in order to receive dirt on Clinton. \"The idea that we would have to look any further than Hillary Clinton to beat Hillary Clinton is a fantasy,\" Conway said. The CNN host added, \"Is we inconclusive of Don Jr., Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort, who went to a meeting with a Russian lawyer who was promising dirt on Hillary Clinton?\" \"And what came of that meeting? Absolutely nothing,\" Conway responded. \"That's not the point,\" Cuomo emphasized. \"The point is why you went.\" In essence, Conway's behavior was a larger metaphor of the Trump presidency. Either Conway \u2014 who delivered to America the phrase \"alternative facts\" \u2014 was deliberately lying about Trump's personal obsession with deflecting and pointing the finger at Clinton, or she has proven yet again that the right hand still has truly no idea what the left is doing. The exchange didn't end on television, though, continuing on Twitter Thursday morning. So fun to see the predictable heads exploding, but I should've finished that sentence #CuomoPrimeTime @CNN. \"Nobody in the White House talks about Hillary Clinton\" when noting whose presidential leadership = historic tax cuts &amp; economic boom, reg reform, put ISIS in retreat. \u2014 Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) January 11, 2018 hey kellyanne - good thing no one talks about hrc in the white house. is \"nobody\" new potus code name? \u2014 Christopher C. Cuomo (@ChrisCuomo) January 11, 2018 Hey @ChrisCuomo - when we are forced to about hrc it's because you and your colleagues can't let go of an election lost. Sad!Proven further by after a 30-minute interview about policy and accomplishments, HRC is all you and others can say. 5EspkRE \u2014 Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) January 11, 2018 And the coda of this story comes from Kellyanne Conway, who went on \"Fox &amp; Friends,\" where she talked about Hillary Clinton. \"We only have to talk about her because people won't let go of an election she lost miserably.\" -- @KellyannePolls on Hillary to @foxandfriends this morning.Yes, really. \u2014 Chris Cillizza (@CillizzaCNN) January 11, 2018", "label": 1, "id": 58}
{"text": "The newly-installed constitutional assembly led by President Nicolas Maduro has ousted Venezuela's chief prosecutor on Saturday, a move that signals that the embattled government is making swift moves to consolidate power. Hails of \"traitor\" and \"justice has arrived\" erupted from the 545 pro-government delegates during the unanimous vote to remove the top law enforcement official, Luisa Ortega, from her post. The assembly replaced her with a staunch government supporter. The delegates said they were acting in response to a ruling by the government-attacked Supreme Court, which was separately considering a request to sanction Ortega. Speaking to journalists after her removal, Ortega said dozens of national guardsmen in riot gear barred her from entering her office, alleging that authorities wanted to get their hands on sensitive information implicating high-level officials in dirty dealings. \"Do you know what they want to achieve with this? They want to hide the corruption and violation of human rights taking place in Venezuela that I will continue to denounce,\" Ortega said. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro plans to seat a new controversial constituent assembly in an effort to rewrite the country's constitution despite continued opposition protests. The new legislative body's constitution would nullify the other branches of government, leading opposition leaders to call on citizens to protest in the streets in objection. Maduro is expected to seat the 545-member body at the legislative palace in the capital of Caracas on Friday, just yards from the opposition-led National Assembly. He plans to attend the assembly's opening session and promised to use the assembly itself to attack his political opponents. \"The only way they'll get us out of here is by killing us,\" National Assembly first vice president Freddy Guevara told the Associated Press. \"They will never have a seat that the people of Venezuela gave us.\" Maduro's assembly was elected on Sunday, despite opposition claims that the election itself was rigged in favor of Maduro supporters, resulting in a boycott. The U.S. State Department condemned the assembly on Thursday, claiming the rigged election only served to empower \"the Maduro dictatorship.\" Several U.S. lawmakers joined in the condemnation, including Sen. Marco Rubio who issued a message of support to the Venezuelan people in Spanish. \"At a time of deep divisions in our own politics, both the left and the right here in the United States support the people of Venezuela and condemn the Maduro government,\" said Rubio. \"Even those who sympathized and defended the late Hugo Chavez, condemn the direction Nicolas Maduro has taken your country.\" The senator added that Venezuelans are \"only a free and fair election away from a better future.\" Sen. Bob Menendez, senior member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, claimed a \"sham election\" was used to elect the pro-Maduro assembly. \"Nicolas Maduro's decision to move forward with a sham election to create a constituent assembly and shred his country's constitution offers yet another disturbing example of how dangerously unfit this man is to lead country,\" said Menendez in a statement released on Monday. Venezuela's legislative palace has been the scene of violent protests in recent weeks. Three months of bloody protests and a beleaguered economy have taken a serious toll on Venezuelans. Conditions are expected to worsen should Maduro and his supporters be successful in rewriting the constitution. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 520}
{"text": "Spanish police are looking for the missing migrants According to the mayor of the Cadiz town Rota, on Spain's southernmost coast, the authorities have found 12 of the migrants after they fled on foot and are looking for 30 others. It has been reported in the Spanish media that all of the asylum seekers are men and the missing migrants fled by running into nearby fields when they arrived. Around 30 migrants are on the run Wed, February 15, 2017 Migrants clash with each other in over crowded camps across Europe. Moroccan Police look at immigrants trying to jump the six-meter-high fence in Ceuta, Spanish enclave on the north of Africa, 09 December 2016. The 12 migrants who have been found are from the sub-Sahara and Morocco and they arrived on the beach known as Juan and Juana. A crane has moved the dinghy from the beach where the migrants managed to paddle their craft ashore despite strong winds in the area. In October, dozens of migrants protested about the living conditions in a Spanish detention centre. Thousands of migrants have come to Spain from Africa The protesters held up banners demanding freedom and dignity. After thousands of migrants from Africa crossed over to Spain in 2014 and 2015, the country\u2019s authorities stepped up security and passed a law enabling its border police to refuse migrants the opportunity to apply for asylum. The European Union (EU) is now desperately attempting to cut the number of African migrants making their way to Europe. Thousands of migrants have targeted Spain as a route into the EU and the UK. Migrants have particularly targeted the Spanish colonies of Ceuta and Melilla in Morocco.", "label": 0, "id": 449}
{"text": "Hollywood will not easily recover from Harvey Weinstein -- not for a long time. The hypocrisy level has hit Defcon 1, 9.9 on the Richter scale. Hollywood\u2019s politics have always been a self-serving charade, a liberal masquerade for a rapacious and lubricious lifestyle. But now, thanks to the Weinstein scandal, we see it more clearly than ever. And it couldn't be more repellent. (I had always thought Bill Clinton would have made the greatest studio executive of all time. Now I'm convinced of it.) If conservative investors had any courage, this would be the time to make a hostile takeover of the movie business. Unfortunately, they don\u2019t. I know this from bitter personal experience. Wealthy conservatives are delighted to support the Philharmonic, but when it comes to popular culture they turn away, as if afraid to get their hands dirty. That this is a huge mistake should be obvious. They have abandoned the culture -- and our children -- to the creepiest people imaginable. What is going on in Hollywood is far from being just about Harvey. It\u2019s approaching a pandemic. So many previously silent assaulted or raped women are coming out of the woodwork, it seems like a long-belated remake of \u201cCheaper by the Dozen.\u201d No one knows who will be next or if it will stop at Harvey. The rot is everywhere, even, perhaps especially, in the precincts of \u201chigh art.\u201d Gwyneth Paltrow says now is the time to put an end to these attacks on women. But where was she years ago when Harvey got \u201chandsy\u201d with her? Looking the other way while earning millions and garnering Oscars. Meryl Streep claimed she was clueless about Weinstein\u2019s repulsive antics. Time to award her her greatest Oscar yet -- for playing someone deaf, dumb, and blind while living as a troglodyte in the Gobi desert. Either the woman\u2019s a liar or an utter nincompoop. I\u2019ll go with the former. As for the great feminist George Clooney -- the first male star out of the box to condemn Weinstein\u2019s behavior -- let\u2019s give him the Nobel Prize in virtue signaling. By coming forward, he was able to ace out his competition -- Howard Zinn-loving Matt Damon, who disgraced himself forever by covering up for Harvey a decade ago. (For those who may have missed it in the onslaught of sleazy details, Damon assured then New York Times reporter Sharon Waxman that Miramax\u2019s high-paid Italian representative was a genuine \u201ccreative film executive\u201d and not Harvey\u2019s European procurer, as was, evidently correctly, rumored. Damon is the same \u201cprogressive\u201d movie star who makes films opposing school choice for the masses while living in a thirty million dollar house and sending his kids to private school. I take it back -- maybe we should give him the Nobel in virtue signaling.)", "label": 1, "id": 218}
{"text": "(Source: KWES) ODESSA, TX (KWES) - An Odessa man and his company are donating $1 million to the American Red Cross towards Hurricane Harvey relief efforts. The Red Cross said they're expecting to spend $30 million from their funds on the rebuilding. As The Red Cross is helping with the aftermath, they're also preparing for an even stronger hurricane to hit the country. \"This is a marathon, it's not a sprint, so this is gonna go a long way to help those people recover,\" said Tracy Austin, Executive Director of the American Red Cross of The Permian Basin. John Bushman, owner of Investment Centers of America (ICA), decided to give back after watching families and single mothers trying to survive the high floodwaters. He describes to us what he saw on TV. \"So all she [single mother] can do is put out a white flag for the police to come help her. She's just standing there with an 8-month-old baby in her arms, I don't know where the other two minor children were that got mentioned were, probably on top of the roof already,\" said Bushman. \"So if that doesn't bring tears to your eyes or makes you think, then I don't know [what will].\" The American Red Cross can't ignore a stronger hurricane, Irma. Irma could possibly hit Florida or the east coast, needing the American Red Cross to give even more help. \"We will deploy and we encourage everyone to take cover, to go to their shelters, and also to prepare in advance,\" said Austin. \"Right now, that's our messaging to make those preparations in advance and to take cover and go to a shelter because this is going to be a massive storm.\" The American Red Cross won't know what help to deploy until after Hurricane Irma makes landfall. Even though many resources are in South Texas, they say they're \"Red Cross ready.\" You can donate or sign up to volunteer at redcross.org Copyright 2017 KWES. All rights reserved.", "label": 0, "id": 294}
{"text": "Rolling Stone contributing editor Sabrina Rubin Erdely, front, and Rolling Stone magazine Deputy Managing Editor Sean Woods, right, walk with their legal team to federal court in Charlottesville, Va., Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016. University of Virginia administrator Nicole Eramo is seeking $7.5 million from the magazine over its portrayal of her in a 2014 story written by Rubin Erdely. Closing arguments in the case are continuing. CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. - The reporter of a botched Rolling Stone article about a brutal gang rape at the University of Virginia willfully ignored facts and statements that disproved her preconceived storyline about the school\u2019s callousness toward sexual-assault victims, an attorney for the former associate dean of students said in his closing arguments Tuesday. University administrator Nicole Eramo is seeking $7.5 million from the magazine over its portrayal of her in the 2014 story by Sabrina Rubin Erdely about the alleged sexual assault of a woman identified only as \u201cJackie.\u201d Eramo claims she was unfairly portrayed in the article as trying to sweep Jackie\u2019s sexual assault under the rug in order to protect the university. Attorney Tom Clare argued Tuesday that Erdely set out from the beginning to tell a story of \u201cinstitutional indifference,\u201d brushed off statements from her sources that didn\u2019t fit that narrative and pushed her own views about the administration onto the vulnerable women she was interviewing. \u201cOnce they decided what the article was going to be about, it didn\u2019t matter what the facts were,\u201d Clare said. The story about Jackie\u2019s rape set off a firestorm at the University of Virginia and in schools nationwide and prompted police to launch an investigation into the alleged assault. Eramo received hundreds of angry letters and emails and faced protesters outside her office. The story crumbled after other news outlets began asking questions and police found no evidence to back up Jackie\u2019s claims. The article was officially retracted in April 2015. Eramo must prove that Rolling Stone statements about her made her appear \u201codious, infamous or ridiculous\u201d and that the magazine acted with \u201cactual malice,\u201d meaning it knew that what it was writing about her was false or should have known it was false. A lawyer for Rolling Stone, Scott Sexton, said in closing statements there is no evidence the magazine knew a botched story about a gang rape at the University of Virginia was false before publishing it. While the women Erdely interviewed - including Jackie - told her that Eramo was their fiercest advocate, Clare argued that Erdely was so invested in her preconceived storyline that she was \u201cblind to the facts.\u201d He argued that Erdely purposely set out to make Eramo the \u201cvillain\u201d because she knew she was an \u201ceasy target\u201d and couldn\u2019t speak publicly about Jackie\u2019s case due to federal privacy laws. \u201cIt\u2019s reckless, it\u2019s cavalier and it\u2019s intentional,\u201d Clare said. Over the course of the more than two-week trial, the 10 jurors have watched 11 hours of video testimony, heard from a dozen live witnesses and have examined nearly 300 exhibits. Seven jurors will deliberate and three will be named as alternates. \u00a9 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.", "label": 0, "id": 354}
{"text": "FILE - Rep. Andre Carson, D-Ind. speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington, Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, with the Congressional Black Caucus members to discuss the nomination of Sen Jeff Sessions for attorney general. (AP Gibson) WASHINGTON, D.C. (WTHR) - Indiana lawmakers in Washington are joining the chorus against white supremacist groups. Rep. Andr\u00e9 Carson (D-Ind.) is co-sponsoring legislation with more than 30 members of Congress that calls for President Donald Trump \"to strongly condemn white nationalists, the Ku Klux Klan, and other hate groups that make up the 'alt-right'.\" The lawmakers are also demanding the president fire officials in the Trump administration who support white supremacists, specifically naming Steve Bannon, Stephen Miller and Sebastian Gorka. BREAKING: I've introduced a resolution with 31 co-sponsors demanding Trump fire any staff who've endorsed or supported white supremacists. pic.twitter.com/2WuGMqhQPa\u2014 Rep. Pramila Jayapal (@RepJayapal) August 15, 2017 \"The President of the United States and his advisors should serve as an example to the rest of the country,\" Rep. Carson said. \"As the country unites against this violent and hateful movement, people who fail to stand up to white nationalism and neo-Nazism should not be in a position of power.\" The legislation, outlined in a release from Carson's office, also calls for Trump to \"use all available resources\" to address the growth of hate groups in the country and to \"unite all Americans against hate.\" Sen. Todd Young (R-Ind.) took to Twitter Tuesday evening to denouce the groups:", "label": 0, "id": 494}
{"text": "Shelly Yost is a cashier at Kroger. One day, she noticed an older woman making a bizarre purchase. The woman was buying $2,0 worth of iTunes gift cards. Something seemed off. Yost asked the woman why she was buying so many gift cards. The elderly woman said her granddaughter was in jail with a broken nose and that she needed to buy the gift cards to bail her out. The story was a red flag. The cashier had heard this one before. The woman was in a panic. She was terrified for her granddaughter\u2019s well-being. \u201cI want to let you know your granddaughter is OK. This is a scam that we know happens,\u201d Yost told her, but the woman refused to believe it. \u201cI asked her if she would please wait, and let me call the Sylvania police, so they could tell her that they would never accept gift cards as payment for somebody in jail. I didn\u2019t want her to go somewhere else.\u201d Yost stalled the frightened woman for as long as she could while she quickly slipped away to call the police. Yost also noticed the woman had a keychain from an assisted living facility and called them. The police arrived and talked the woman down. The assisted living facility was grateful. \u201cThe next day, they showed up, and they were the most genuine people,\u201d said Yost. \u201cThey hugged me so tight and thanked me over and over. And they handed me a card, which I took and said \u2018Thank you\u2019. When I opened it later, there was super-nice gift in there.\u201d Please SHARE if you think Yost went above and beyond what any cashier would normally do! Due to restrictions, this video cannot be viewed in your region.", "label": 0, "id": 417}
{"text": "MSNBC anchor Nicolle Wallace Former George W. Bush communications director Nicolle Wallace reported Tuesday multiple senior Republican officials have told her that to expect that special counsel Robert Mueller is pursuing an obstruction of justice case against President Donald Trump. \u201cThree Republicans with close ties to the Trump White House, all veterans from previous Republican administrations, tell me that it\u2019s clear from their conversations and contacts with the president\u2019s inner circle that Bob Mueller is trying to build an obstruction of justice case,\u201d MSNBC host of \u201cDeadline: White House\u201d reported Tuesday. \u201cOne of them going even farther and saying that the White House is now flying blind and doesn\u2019t know who else might already be cooperating with Mueller\u2019s team,\u201d Wallace explained. That was not the only major news Wallace broke in the first minutes of her show. Wallace also introduced former U.S. Attorney Chuck Rosenberg, who worked on the staff of both Robert Mueller and James Comey of the FBI. \u201cWould you surmise that Donald Trump\u2019s taxes are something that Bob Mueller either has or will seek to obtain?\u201d Wallace asked. \u201cI would, Nicolle, and here\u2019s why. I was a federal prosecutor for a long time and a white collar prosecutor, at the beginning of any case what you need are leads, how do you get those? The first thing you do, you get credit reports and you get tax returns,\u201d Rosenberg explained. \u201cI don\u2019t know that they have the tax returns, but I know what white collar tax attorneys do, they get tax returns,\u201d Rosenberg noted.", "label": 0, "id": 99}
{"text": "The 100 Funniest Tweets From the Unending Nightmare That's Been the 2016 Election Illustration by Shakeil Greeley for GQ / Getty Images Laugh to stop yourself from crying. There are only seven days left in the 2016 presidential. Seven more days and, barring a last-minute constitutional crisis, this non-stop misery ride will finally be over. How long has it been? Eight? Twelve? Thirteen years? No one really knows any more. All we know is that the 2016 election has done to American democracy what cocaine did to Gary Busey's career, and, much like being stuck in an elevator with Gary Busey, it's hard not to pray for the sweet release of death. A presidential candidate bragging about sexual assault, a presidential candidate threatening to put is political opponent in jail, dog-whistle racism, actual straight-up racism; it's fair to say we're at a historic low-point in the story of American democracy. If only President Obama could wipe the Internet clean before he leaves office, so we never have to be reminded of this god-awful mess ever again. All that said, there was one bright light during these dark times: Twitter.com. Previously home to die-hard One Direction fans and a few hundred-thousand accounts pretending to be Will Ferrell, Twitter was undoubtedly responsible for some of this election cycle's most vile rhetoric\u2014I mean, just look at Trump's tweets. But there's no denying it also came into its own during the 2016 election. It wasn't fun watching Donald Trump routinely debase our country's political system, but I'm not going to pretend the well-crafted tweets that sparked into existence as a result weren't also a welcome catharsis. To commemorate this bizarre time in our nation's history, we've compiled a chronological list of the 100 funniest* tweets of this genuinely terrible, and mostly unfunny, election. Hopefully, if there's anything left in the smoldering rubble that will be America after November 8th, they can be a reminder that there was at least some good in the parade of garbage. Now let's all agree to never ever do this ever again. *According to us. Please don't @ me. 1. /status/595313535489581056 2. /status/634155794724814848 3. /status/634517124124381188 4. /status/637482075638075392 5. /status/638537356342075392 6. /status/666764215949074432 7. /status/667828163557232644 8. /status/672896890237775872 9. /status/673952110761807875 10. /status/687844188881293312 11. /status/691284564170375170 12. /status/703051814669852673 13. /status/718541379966738433 14. /status/694968109040586754 15. TRENDING THIS VERY SECOND travel-and-eats Where to Eat and Drink in Houston, the New Capital of Southern Cool culture Serena Williams' Catsuit Is Banned from All Future French Opens news-and-politics No One Knows Why This QAnon Conspiracy Theorist Was in the Oval Office with Trump /status/695438054887026688 16. /status/701237173291524096 17. /status/708229794299645952 18. _ /713479005387767808 19. /status/713741562761584640 20. /status/716365904901083136 21. /status/720259227067920385 22. /status/727658556233670657 23. /status/728320591598526464 24. /status/728299373176737792 25. _ /733518431740252160 26. 11/status/751259888433582084 27. /status/740378718925950978 28. /status/740993607289688065 29. /status/740949015009710080 30. /status/742041665251205121 31. /status/743160996320129024 32. /status/751267557311586304 33. /status/754005058786910208 34. /status/754343099157979137 35. /status/755279481917566976 36. /status/755449902931607557 37. /status/755511596047298564 38. /status/756323071871574017 39. /status/756568645564850176 40. /status/756347488601272320 41. /status/757640786091671552 42. /status/758139850214244352 43. /status/758508667058659328 44. /status/758417030827696128 45. /status/758868709251293185 46. /status/758869304037158912 47. /status/759573678480887808 48. /status/760303035742576640 49. /status/760593157176176640 50. 71/status/761023573158789120 51. /status/717111637317173249 52. /status/763100832124456961 53. /status/771921076775489537 54. /status/772460287572185088 55. /status/772477614191742976 /status/772835879043928064 57. /status/774718154412961793 58. /status/775542746157158400 59. /status/775835316078784512 60. /status/776592616934805504 61. /status/776619326862299136 62. 7/status/776481595721129984 63. /status/776811718345449472 64. /status/777560106837929985 65. /status/779369940402921472 66. /status/779762088101212161 67. /status/780219640744120321 68. /status/782039812404412416 69. /status/783145829267898368 70. /status/783289615977414656 71. /status/783490647361671168 72. 5/status/784120727158951936 73. /status/784526072851357696 74. /status/784501181464846340 75. /status/784504443047911424 76. /status/784531620539822081 77. /status/784529991463755776 78. _ /784576626248024064 79. /status/784887498333827072 80. /status/784769252758806528 81. /status/784605739058880514 82. /status/785273637901185024 83. /status/785291824273428480 84. /status/785294315270660097 85. _ /785296514792976384 86. /status/785299378705670145 87. /status/7849859606312058 88. /status/786387229908152320 89. /status/786237633282400256 90. 0 /786983664571781120 91. /status/786936084710166528 92. /status/787830961895575552 93. _cupp_ /789088080426831872 94. /status/789588565604925441 95. /status/790293668183670784 96. 4 /790298630100021249 97. /status/791407536884764672 98. /status/791812553659875328 99. /status/792085787529674756 100. /status/792078001064280064 Up next: Trump Is Right: This Email Debacle Is Worse Than Watergate", "label": 0, "id": 154}
{"text": "Fulfilling his role as the titular head of \u201cThe Resistance,\u201d Barack Obama took to Facebook Tuesday to snipe at the Trump administration\u2019s announcement that it was rescinding the 44th president\u2019s 2012 executive action called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. \u201cWe shouldn\u2019t threaten the future of this group of young people who are here through no fault of their own,\u201d Obama said. His post was florid and self-serving. But five words in his lengthy screed \u2014\u201cthrough no fault of their own\u201d -- are undeniably true. It\u2019s not the fault of the \u201cdreamers\u201d that their parents brought them here, without papers, as minors. On that we can agree. But whose fault is it that they are still in limbo? For that answer, Obama needn\u2019t take to social media. He can simply look in the mirror. Ten years ago, a narrow consensus was forged in Washington, if only briefly. Its architects were Edward Kennedy and John McCain. Their carefully crafted legislation created a new temporary work visa, established an electronic data base for employers to check employees\u2019 work status, and earmarked money for border enforcement. It also provided a path to citizenship for an estimated 11.6 million illegal immigrants, provided they paid a fine and back taxes, met English and civics requirements, and stayed on the right side of the law. President George W. Bush signaled his support. But the vote was going to be close, which Kennedy and McCain knew. Conservatives dismissed the path-to-citizenship as a fig leaf for amnesty. Organized labor hated the guest-worker program, known as Y-1. McCain and Kennedy could have overcome that opposition, albeit narrowly, except for one last little group of senators. Call it the Senate Presidential Wannabe Caucus. Its membership included Illinois freshman Sen. Barack Obama and Sen. Hillary Clinton of New York. That\u2019s only two votes, but it was enough. On June 6, 2007, Sen. Byron Dorgan, a North Dakota Democrat, introduced an innocuous-sounding rider to the McCain-Kennedy bill. Its official description was \u201can amendment to sunset the Y-1 non-immigrant visa program after a 5-year period.\u201d As everyone in the Senate understood, this was a \u201cpoison pill\u201d designed not to shore up the bill, but sink it. Dorgan got his way, too. The amendment passed 49-48, essentially killing comprehensive immigration reform. Kennedy was incensed. He\u2019d implored Dorgan and Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid not to do it. McCain felt particularly sandbagged by Obama, who\u2019d inserted himself into the legislative negotiations uninvited, wrangled a concession he wanted, then voted with Dorgan. McCain assumed Obama didn\u2019t want George W. Bush or himself -- the man Obama expected to face in 2008 -- to get credit for immigration reform. Ted Kennedy, who ended up endorsing Obama over Clinton anyway, believed this, too. Kennedy died in 2009 before he could convince Obama to revisit this issue. It wouldn\u2019t have mattered. The GOP was becoming more nativist, the Democrats more cynical. The chance for a legislative solution had come and gone. But what about a non-legislative solution? This turned out to be President Obama\u2019s specialty, the niceties of constitutional democracy be damned. In June 2012, with shifting public opinion polls now in his favor, Obama issued DACA, which he called \u201ca temporary, stopgap measure\u201d to curb the practice of deporting undocumented Americans brought to this country before their 16th birthday. Was this constitutional? It might have been, had the president announced that because his Justice Department lacked the personnel to adequately adjudicate 11 million cases, it was necessary to prioritize law enforcement\u2019s areas of emphasis and that, henceforth, no federal government resources would be spent on deporting the \u201cDreamers.\u201d Wink. Wink. But that\u2019s not what Obama did. He announced a formal new government program granting work permits to those without papers. This \u201ctemporary, stopgap\u201d measure superseded existing federal immigration law and, two years later, Obama sought to expand DACA, prompting a legal challenge from several states. Was the president on shaky constitutional ground? One assumes so, if for no other reason than Obama repeatedly said so himself \u2013 and he did it in precise and colorful language. On Cinco de Mayo in 2010, he said, \u201cAnybody who tells you \u2026 that I can wave a magic wand and make it happen hasn't been paying attention to how this town works.\u201d \u201cI am president, I am not king,\u201d he said that October. \u201cI can't do these things just by myself.\u201d \u201cI know some here wish that I could just bypass Congress and change the law myself. But that\u2019s not how democracy works,\u201d he said in April 2011. \u201cI swore an oath to uphold the laws on the books,\u201d he added in July 2011. \u201c\u2026 Now, I know some people want me to bypass Congress and change the laws on my own. Believe me, the idea of doing things on my own is very tempting \u2026 but that's not how our system works. That's not how our Constitution is written.\u201d Later, he had the temerity to claim he hadn\u2019t changed his stance, a howler that blew the minds of media fact-checkers. So that\u2019s the backstory to Attorney General Jeff Sessions\u2019 Tuesday announcement that the administration will rescind DACA because it\u2019s unconstitutional. Trump has not spoken against DACA itself; moreover, he sent out a tweet reassuring \u201cDreamers\u201d that they have nothing to worry about for six months. This gambit suggests that Trump wants DACA codified into law, apparently as part of a comprehensive package. Instead of responding to this overture in a spirit of compromise, Democrats chose vitriol and name-calling, their default position in the Trump era. Luis Guti\u00e9rrez, an Illinois congressman, called White House Chief of Staff John Kelly a \u201cdisgrace to the uniform he used to wear\u201d over DACA. Remember last summer when every Democrat and most of the media went medieval on Trump for picking a fight with a Gold Star family? Well, John Kelly is a Gold Star dad, too. Luis Guti\u00e9rrez never wore the uniform. For sheer demagoguery, it was hard to top Bernie Sanders. Hillary Clinton\u2019s erstwhile rival had this to say: \u201cTrump\u2019s decision on DACA is the ugliest and most cruel decision ever made by a president of the U.S. in the modern history of this country.\u201d When one considers Woodrow Wilson re-segregating the federal workforce or FDR interning 110,0 Japanese-Americans who committed no crime, the thought occurs that this is possibly the most ignorant utterance by a U.S. senator in the modern history of this country. But historic amnesia was the Democrats\u2019 de facto strategy and, in the interest of efficiency, they used the same talking points. \u201cTrump is clueless &amp; cruel,\u201d tweeted former California Sen. Barbara Boxer. \u201cAbove all he is a coward.\u201d Nancy Pelosi described it as \u201ccowardice\u201d and \u201ccruelty.\u201d Chuck Schumer called it \u201cheartless.\u201d And so it went. One wonders if this was DNC-circulated messaging, drawn up by some 24-year-old staffer. Someone apparently too callow to know that today\u2019s Democrats are a historic anomaly. Normally Congress likes it when a president respects their prerogative to make law. Or perhaps these talking points weren\u2019t written by a millennial. Perhaps they were written by a certain ex-president trying to help us forget that when he and Hillary Clinton -- along with Barbara Boxer, Harry Reid, Chuck Schumer, and Bernie Sanders -- had the chance to grant 11 million immigrants access to the American Dream, they instead chose, for partisan purposes, to keep them in the shadows. Alzheimer's-Blocking \"Super Coffee\" May Be The \"Memory Saving Discovery\" Of The Century", "label": 1, "id": 89}
{"text": "Harvey grew into a hurricane on Thursday and authorities have reinforced their warnings as wind speeds have risen to 125 mph. Harvey could potentially be the fiercest hurricane to hit the United States in years. Such strong gusts are expected to be accompanied by 3 feet of rain and 12-foot storm surges. Forecasters have called Harvey a \"life-threatening storm\" and say that million of people could be swamped as the storm moves through counties inland. (The Associated Press contributed to this report) The National Hurricane Center has issued an advisory on Thursday, instructing Texas residents along the Gulf of Mexico coast to \"rush\" their preparations as hurricane Harvey strengthens. The hurricane is forecast to become a Category 3 hurricane with sustained winds of 80 mph, according to National Hurricane Center. The center reportedThursday afternoon that the tropical storm will make landfall late Friday night or early Saturday morning along the south-central Texas coast. \"Harvey has intensified quickly this morning, and is now forecast to be a major hurricane at landfall, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards to portions of the Texas coast,\" the center wrote. People residing like coastal cities like Corpus Christi were encouraged to evacuate from their homes on Thursday. The mayor Joe McComb, called for people to leave in the \"strongest possible terms.\" Some are surprised how much the hurricane has strengthened. A hurricane warning was issued for the Texas coast early Thursday, blanketing an area from Port Mansfield to Matagorda. Forecasters indicated that Harvey could become a hurricane after regaining tropical storm strength and began drifting towards the Gulf of Mexico. Harvey\u2019s maximum sustained winds increased to near 60 mph Thursday, re-establishing its status as a tropical storm. The U.S. National Hurricane Center said additional strengthening is expected, resulting in Harvey emerging as a hurricane by the time its expected to reach Texas\u2019s southern coast Friday. Some Twitter users on Thursday voiced alarm over Harvey, while others noted its name\u2019s resemblance to comedian Steve Harvey. Harvey was centered about 335 miles southeast of Port Mansfield around 8 a.m. local time Thursday and heading north-northwest at about 10 mph. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) ordered the State Operations Center to elevate its readiness level, freeing up resources there for possible rescue and recovery maneuvers. The governor also pre-emptively declared a state of disaster for 30 counties on or near the Texas coast to speed the deployment of state resources to those impacted. Texas emergency officials on Wednesday asked residents along the state\u2019s upper coastline to relocate or prepare to head inland. People in low-lying areas were urged to seek higher ground, and individuals elsewhere were instructed to closely follow official announcements. Rice farmers in coastal Matagorda County late Wednesday rushed to harvest their crops as Harvey nears. People on South Padre Island, for their part, filled sandbags that evening to protect exposed businesses and houses from the storm. Other locations in the forecast path, finally, sought out generators, plywood and other goods from hardware stores as a safety precaution. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 527}
{"text": "\u201cThe most self-confident man or woman knows that it doesn\u2019t take much skill to walk up behind them, point a gun to the back of their head, and pull the trigger.\u201d This week, a Minneapolis mayoral candidate is running on major police reform that involves disarming the city\u2019s police force. Raymond Dehn revealed the radical approach to public safety he\u2019ll be taking should he be elected mayor in an interview with Fox 9 Minneapolis less than two weeks following the death of an Australian national by the name of Justine Damond. Damond, of course, was the woman shot and killed by Officer Mohamed Noor on July 15 while attempting to report the sound of a woman screaming behind her house. No one will ever know for sure whether it was the fireworks taking place in the area that night or if it was the alleged \u201cslapping\u201d of the patrol car by the victim just before the shooting that caused it. The only absolute in this tragic situation is that Justine Damond\u2014a woman who called the police for help\u2014is dead from a bullet shot from an officer\u2019s gun. As is the case with every high-profile (Officer Involved Shooting) OIS, the equation cannot be balanced by departmental explanations that offer no objective truth in the minds of the masses. People are angry. They don\u2019t want explanations. They want action. Dehn, of course, knows this and is attempting to capitalize on it at the polls by painting police with a broad brush as incompetent and unnecessarily armed. Don\u2019t miss the fact that the District 59B representative only wants MPD officers to be restricted from carrying firearms on their hips. If he had it his way, he\u2019d still allow them to keep guns in their vehicles. Therefore, his \u201csolution\u201d doesn\u2019t even attempt to prevent the Justine Damond death from occurring. It\u2019s an empty proposal made at an opportune time. There\u2019s a reason the Justine Damond story has become an international story. It is a statistical anomaly. According to the Washington Post OIS Database, of the 574 civilians killed in officer-involved shootings so far this year, Damond is one of five unarmed women. The other four casualties on this list are Sariah Marie Lane, Ambroshia Fagre, Elena Mondragon, and Alteria Woods. No compatible source was found for this video. Lane, Fagre, and Mondragon were all killed while riding as passengers of fleeing vehicles that had been suspected by police to be stolen, involved in burglaries, armed robberies. All four vehicles were used as deadly weapons by their drivers as they rammed police in attempts to get away. Woods, on the other hand, was used as a human shield by her boyfriend during a SWAT raid targeting him and his father for multiple shootings. While these four women were killed during deadly force encounters in which they were accessories to crimes committed by boyfriends, Damond\u2019s case is entirely unique. The trend continues if we go back a few years. In 2016, three unarmed women were killed by police. Jessica Williams was shot in San Francisco after nearly trapping one officer between a fence and the stolen vehicle she was attempting to flee in. Kelsey Hauser was killed riding as a passenger in a stolen vehicle when her boyfriend attempted to run over officers after leading them on a high-speed pursuit in California. The third was 12-year-old Ciara Meyer, who was struck and killed after a constable\u2019s bullet passed through her father\u2019s arm. Meyer\u2019s father reportedly pointed a rifle at the chest of one constable as he served an eviction order at the apartment. Meyer was set to lose his apartment. Instead, he got his daughter killed. In 2015, three unarmed women were shot and killed by police. India Kager was killed in Virginia while driving a vehicle with a homicide suspect in the passenger seat. When police approached the vehicle in a convenience store parking lot, Kager\u2019s passenger opened fire on police. Both were killed in the shootout. The second was a 55-year old woman named Bettie Jones during a domestic violence call in Chicago. As an officer opened fire on a bat-wielding man in the apartment, Jones was caught in the cross-fire. The third, Autumn Steele, was shot by an officer responding to a domestic violence call in Iowa. Steele and her husband were actively fighting upon the officer\u2019s arrival. After being bitten by the family dog, the officer fell backward while opening fire on the animal. Two rounds hit Steele instead. Each of the eleven officer-involved shootings involving \u201cunarmed\u201d females in the past three years is tragic\u2014but the trend shows that seven of them were killed while engaging in criminal activity with boyfriends with a penchant for violence. Bettie Jones, Ciara Meyer, and Autumn Steel were killed as bystanders in legitimate deadly force encounters where officers feared for their lives. That leaves Justine Damond in a class of her own. Like I said, her death is the anomaly of all anomalies. Politicians like Raymond Dehn are free to use their own history of criminality to bolster their political profile in a society that loves a comeback story. Being a recovering cocaine addict and felon doesn\u2019t preclude anyone from running for mayor, but when a politician takes advantage of tragedies such as Justine Damond\u2019s death to suggest that police officers should place themselves in imminent danger\u2026well, that\u2019s where the line needs to be drawn. Despite advances in proficiency for firearms training over the course of several decades, 27 police officers have already been murdered by gunfire in the line of duty this year. In 2015, the total was 47. In 2016, it was 63. According to the Officer Down Memorial Page, we are currently on track to lose around the same number to gunfire this year. Hopefully, we\u2019ll buck the trend. Every officer will tell you that there is a wide spectrum of skill levels as it relates to weapons tactics, handling, and marksmanship. What we\u2019ll also all tell you is that the level of skill a cop possesses matters little if someone is hellbent on killing them. An easy response for anyone telling you Dehn is onto something is to tell them that many of the gunfire-related deaths American police get hit with each year are ambushes. The most self-confident man or woman knows that it doesn\u2019t take much skill to walk up behind them, point a gun to the back of their head, and pull the trigger. Our guns\u2014readily accessible at our hips\u2014are of little use in defending an attack from a gunman who\u2019s got the jump on us. Just last week, Lieutenant Aaron Allan was shot 14 times by the occupant of a rolled-over vehicle on an Indiana roadway. One minute the LT is trying to help people involved in a car accident, and the next he\u2019s getting shot dead by one of them. Earlier this month, New York State Trooper Joel Davis was shot while exiting his vehicle upon arrival at a domestic disturbance. Like Lt. Allen, he hadn\u2019t even gotten the chance to get out of his holster. Four days prior to that, there was Detective Miosotis Familia, who was shot one time in the back of the head in the Bronx while writing in her note pad. Policing in America has become less and less desirable over the years, and the decline in numbers of police patrolling the streets shows it. The city with a major staff shortage will tell you the reason is \u201ca stronger economy\u201d creating more competition for prospective employees. The cop-hating fringe of the public will tell you, \u201cGood. We don\u2019t need them.\u201d The local police union will tell you that it\u2019s because of low pay, dissolving of pensions, lawsuits, etc. The police officer will tell you it\u2019s because the risk is no longer worth it. Many officers feel like this job is punishing whether we do our jobs or we don\u2019t. We\u2019re trained to carry guns to save the lives of others and our own. If we don\u2019t use deadly force when we should, we\u2019re screwed. If we do use it when we should, we\u2019re still screwed. Every now and then, we use it when we\u2019re not supposed to\u2014and that gets twisted to look like it\u2019s the national norm. To pretend that police officers anywhere in America can do the job we do without access to a firearm by our side is to be willfully ignorant of the dangers we face daily in a society armed to the teeth with guns. We are not Great Britain, Ireland, or France. People don\u2019t use machetes to hack at us, or vehicles to run us over. They come at us with guns\u2014and we require our own to stand a chance. Whether it be Minneapolis, Portland, Seattle, San Francisco, or Berkeley, mark my words, the progressive metropolis that turns officers into guinea pigs for this social experiment will find itself without a test subject\u2014and without a police force.", "label": 1, "id": 273}
{"text": "Photo via Gage (CC-BY-SA) Screenshot via John (Fair Use) The infamous Access Hollywood tape in which Donald Trump brags about his ability to \u201cgrab\u201d women with impunity because he\u2019s famous is real, Access Hollywood\u2018s hosts asserted on Monday\u2014just in case the president had any doubts. In response to a report that Trump was questioning the authenticity of the 2005 hot-mic recording, which captured the former reality TV star saying he could \u201cgrab [women] by the pussy,\u201d Access Hollywood host Natalie Morales said on Monday\u2019s show that the tap is, in fact, \u201cvery real.\u201d \u201cWe wanted to clear something up that has been reported across the media landscape. Let us make this perfectly clear: The tape is very real,\u201d Morales said. \u201cRemember his excuse at the time was \u2018locker room talk.\u2019 He said every one of those words.\u201d TRUMP: The \"Access Hollywood\" tape might be fake After the Washington Post revealed the tape ahead of the 2016 presidential election, Trump apologized and at no time stated that the tape was faked. When CNN\u2019s Anderson Cooper pressed Trump on whether he \u201cunderstood\u201d that what he said was an admission of sexual assault, Trump pushed back, dismissing his comments as \u201clocker room talk.\u201d \u201cI don\u2019t think you understand what was said,\u201d Trump responded to Cooper during an October 2016 presidential debate. \u201cThis was locker room talk. I\u2019m not proud of it. I apologized to my family, I apologized to the American people. Certainly, I\u2019m not proud of it, but this was locker room talk.\u201d Following publication of the tape, at least 16 women came forward to say Trump sexually harassed or assaulted them. test test News that Trump reportedly questioned the tape\u2019s veracity\u2014once to a senator and, more recently, once to an adviser, according to the New York Times\u2014brought the tape back to the surface amid an outpouring of allegations against high-profile men across entertainment, politics, and media. During Monday\u2019s press briefing, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders refused to address Trump\u2019s reported skepticism of the tape\u2019s legitimacy and characterized the tape as unimportant because Trump won the election. \u201cThe president addressed this, this was litigated and certainly answered during the election by the overwhelming support for the president and the fact he\u2019s sitting here in the Oval Office today,\u201d she said.", "label": 1, "id": 11}
{"text": "The slaughter that happened last Sunday evening in Las Vegas, when an American man shot randomly into a crowd of around 22,0 at a music festival, was the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history. It also continued a pattern of terrorist attacks: all terrorists who have carried out lethal attacks in the U.S. since 9/11 have been citizens or permanent residents. In Trump\u2019s first speech to Congress, he claimed \u201cthe vast majority of individuals convicted of terrorism and terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country.\u201d That is a flat-out lie that earned Trump \u201c four Pinocchios\u201d \u2014 the most dishonest rating given by fact checkers at Washington Post. Here\u2019s the truth: 154 people have been murdered by terrorists on U.S. soil since September 11, 2001; according to the New America Foundation, all of these murderers were U.S. citizens or legal residents. This means of course that none of these terrorists came from the countries listed in Trump\u2019s travel ban, even though the United States is supposedly a safer place thanks to the travel ban. In fact, as New America points out: \u201cNone of the deadly attackers since 9/11 emigrated or came from a family that emigrated from one of these countries nor were any of the 9/11 attackers from the listed countries. Eight of the lethal attackers were born American citizens.\u201d This is not to deny that there have been deadly attacks since 9/11 that have been inspired by jihadism and foreign terror groups. The deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history prior to the Las Vegas killings took place in June 2016, when Omar Mateen, an ISIS-inspired terrorist who was an American-born citizen of Afghan descent, opened fire at a gay nightclub in Orlando, Florida, murdering 49 people and injuring another 53. Nor can we ignore the vicious attacks carried out by ISIS militants that have killed or injured hundreds of people in England, France and Canada. Just this week two women were killed in a stabbing attack in Marseille, France, by a man allegedly promoting Islamic extremism. In the U.S. however, more terrorist attacks have been carried out by white American men than jihadists. Here are a few of those attacks, as highlighted by Vox: Last Sunday night, October 1, a 64-year-old white man from Mesquite, Nevada, opened rapid fire on a concert audienceof over 22,0 music lovers in Las Vegas. So far 59 people are known to have died and over 500 were wounded. In August, a 20-year-old white supremacist from Ohio plowed his car into a crowd of people protesting the \u201cUnite the Right\u201d rally, killing Heather Heyer and injuring at least 19 others. In May, a 35-year-old white man, Jeremy Joseph Christian from Oregon, screamed anti-Muslim threats at two Muslim teenagers on a train in Portland. When two men stepped in to protect the young women, he stabbed them both to death and wounded a third man. In March, a 28-year-old white man traveled from Baltimore to New York City with the goal of murdering black men. New York authorities charged him with terrorism after he stabbed 66-year-old Timothy Caughman to death. Reaching back further in time, remember Charleston, South Carolina and Sandy Hook, Connecticut? White American males are the primary terrorist threat in the U.S. While Trump is busy \u201ckeeping American citizens safe\u201d by denying innocent Muslims the right to enter the U.S., he is also increasing the number of people the U.S. is guilty of killing worldwide. In the years since 9/11, the U.S. has been responsible for thousands of deaths, including 7,0 of its own soldiers, in the \u201cWar on Terror.\u201d Americans troops are still fighting and dying in Afghanistan and Iraq. With the Taliban going strong, Trump recently announced his decision to send more troops to Afghanistan. The invasion of Iraq by the U.S. helped destabilize the entire region and lead to the creation of ISIS, which has been waging its brutal war in the Middle East since then. And let\u2019s not forget the American complicity in the destruction of Yemen. The U.S. has sold billions of dollars worth of deadly weapons to Saudi Arabia, which has used them to attack Yemeni civilians, resulting in the deaths of over 10,0 people. Far from facing this hypocrisy, Trump is now talking about revising export regulations to make it even easier for American arms manufacturers to sell to international buyers. Meanwhile Trump has put in place a travel ban on visitors from mainly Muslim-majority countries, who are fleeing from this deadly chaos. If you agree the Muslim ban is cruel and misguided, please sign this Care2 petition, telling Trump to stand up for American values and abolish the immigration ban. Photo Credit: Robert", "label": 1, "id": 162}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton apparently can't escape the \" deep state.\" The Daily Beast reported Thursday that the Department of Justice has taken an interest in a familiar subject \u2014 the infamous email server of the former Democratic presidential candidate and her alleged bungling of classified information. Citing a source close to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, The Daily Beast claims that the Justice Department wants to know how those tasked with investigating Clinton's private email server went about their probe. DOJ officials are also reportedly interested in tallying the classified material contained in her emails and finding out \"who put that information into an unclassified environment,\" The Daily Beast says. Before Clinton was cleared of criminal wrongdoing by the FBI in July 2016, the former secretary of state claimed that many of the emails on her server were classified after the fact or that she was unaware of which \"headers\" denoted that an email was classified. Clinton's emails are a favorite grievance of President Trump, who has repeatedly called for his erstwhile political rival to be investigated again. As such, people within the DOJ are reportedly concerned that Trump's vocal tweets on the matter could cause the impression that the law enforcement agency is only doing the president's bidding. An unnamed former DOJ official even suggested to The Daily Beast that it was \"an open question\" if this inquiry would occur \"without a political directive from the White House.\" The Justice Department would not comment on the reported inquiry to The Daily Beast. Read the full story here. Kelly O'Meara Morales", "label": 0, "id": 610}
{"text": "Another day, another uncomfortably shady revelation about Donald Trump's presidential campaign and possible connections to Russia. This time, it's the news that FBI investigators wiretapped Trump campaign chair Paul Manafort not once, but two times before and after the presidential election, per a CNN report. The news source reported on Sept. 18 that the surveillance continued into the early part of 2017, when Manafort had long since left the Trump team but was still in communications with the President. Several sources told CNN that the intelligence which the investigation collected included communications that \u201csparked concerns\u2026 that Manafort had encouraged the Russians to help with the campaign,\u201d though at least two sources specifically added that the evidence wasn't conclusive. Manafort was surveilled under a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrant, which must be backed with information showing suspicion that the subject could be acting as an agent of a foreign power. The warrant must be approved by top officials in the FBI and the Department of Justice. Notably, there's a big piece of the puzzle missing. CNN reports that the FBI was not surveilling Manafort during the now-infamous meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer with Kremlin connections in June 2016, which then-campaign manager Manafort and Trump's son-in-law and current White House adviser Jared Kushner also attended. But even with the missing pieces, the fact that government investigators were able to get the warrant, with such a high bar for approval, means that things are getting real for the investigation into Trump campaign leaders' dealings with Russia. Manafort was originally investigated for his alleged shady dealings with former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych, who was at the head of a pro-Russian party which was driven out in 2014 by civil unrest and street protests. Manafort's firm was accused of lobbying for Yanukovych's interests while failing to register with the U.S. government as a lobbyist for a foreign power. In fact, that accusation is why Manafort left the Trump campaign back in August of 2016, after reports of the connections surfaced. But if the first warrant was based on his dealings with sketchy oligarchs, the second one is reportedly the more damning. CNN's sources said that the second warrant, the start date of which is unknown, was based on efforts to investigate possible ties between Trump campaign associates and Russian agents. So basically, for the first warrant there needed to be suspicion that Manafort was dealing with the Ukrainians (which, yeah, he was). For the second, investigators needed suspicion he was talking to Russian operatives \u2014 which is way more specific, and given Manafort's role in the Trump campaign, could be incredibly damning. On the other hand, the report also gives some near-credibility to Trump's old claim that former President Barack Obama was wiretapping him (and by \"credibility,\" I mean you have to tilt your head and squint to \"see\" it). Back in March, Trump tweeted an accusation that Obama had wiretapped him at his residence at his eponymous Trump Tower shortly before the 2016 election, calling the former president \"sick.\" Representatives of both Obama and the Department of Justice said that the claims were baseless. While Manafort keeps a residence at Trump Tower, there is still no evidence Trump himself was under surveillance. Which, however, doesn't mean he wasn't picked up by the surveillance on Manafort. CNN notes that Trump and Manafort continued to communicate for months after Manafort left the campaign, even after the FBI investigation into the former campaign manager became public knowledge. The conversations reportedly continued until lawyers for both men \"insisted they stop.\" But this isn't even the worst news for Manafort that came out today. Special counsel Robert Mueller, who is leading the investigation into Russian interference in the election, reportedly told Manafort in July that the investigation planned to indict him, according to The New York Times. Agents reportedly showed up at Manafort's house with a search warrant, combing through his Virginia home and taking away binders of documents, computer files, and even photos of his wardrobe. A physical search warrant is unusual for someone whose lawyer has already been in touch with the Justice Department, as Manafort's has been \u2014 and is an indicator that prosecutors had probable cause to believe that the home contained evidence of a crime, and were concerned about destruction of evidence. As former federal prosecutor Jimmy Gurul\u00e9 told the Times, \u201cclearly they didn't trust him.\u201d So, it's not looking good for old Paul, here. To say the least.", "label": 0, "id": 179}
{"text": "Police in Georgia say officers have responded to reports of shots fired at a high school and a teacher who may have been barricaded in a classroom is in custody. Police in Dalton tweeted that no children were hurt or were in danger. Police spokesman Bruce Frazier tells The Associated Press that the scene is secure. Police are not immediately saying what happened inside the school. Police say the school has been evacuated and students have been taken to the Northwest Georgia Center. Police are advising parents to go there to pick them up. Repeat: no children hurt, no children in danger. - Dalton Police (@DaltonPD) February 28, 2018 Dalton is about 90 miles (145 kilometers) north of Atlanta. The identity of the teacher has not been released. The high school's website says it has 2,0 students. here to subscribe to Khaleej Times news alerts on WhatsApp. Make sure you add our number +971545860953 under Contacts on your phone for uninterrupted service.", "label": 0, "id": 56}
{"text": "Setting the tone for the night. Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton failed to shake hands at the startof the second presidential debate on Sunday, October 9, bunking tradition and kicking off the evening with two cold shoulders. The presidential candidates took to the stage in St. Louis for their second face-off, with Anderson Cooperand Martha Raddatz at the helm. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, left, and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump arrive before the second presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis, Sunday, Oct. 9, 2016. ( After the two candidates were introduced, Clinton, 68, and Trump, 70, walked onstage from opposite sides of the floor and retained grim expressions and stiff body language as they greeted one another, pointedly choosing not to shake hands prior to their explosive 90-minute debate. Trump's wife Melania Trump and daughter Ivanka Trump were photographed shaking hands with Clinton's husband, former president Bill Clinton. The political opponents\u2019 icy demeanor comes just two days after the GOP presidential candidate was caught on newly released 2005 footage bragging about forcibly kissing and groping women to Access Hollywood host Billy Bush. \u201cYou know, I\u2019m automatically attracted to beautiful \u2014 I just start kissing them,\u201d Trump can be heard saying on the controversial audio clip. \u201cIt\u2019s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don\u2019t even wait. And when you\u2019re a star they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the p\u2013sy. You can do anything.\u201d Trump\u2019s lewd remarks have had serious repercussions in the subsequent 48 hours, including a string of high-status Republican officials denouncing the real estate moguland the RNC withdrawing their financial support from the candidate. In response to the fall-out, Trump issued a video statement via Twitter on Saturday, October 8. \u201cAnyone who knows me knows these words don\u2019t reflect who I am,\u201d he says on the video. \u201cI said it, I was wrong, and I apologize.\u201d Former President Bill Clinton checks hands with Melania Trump during the second presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, on October 9, 2016. In recent weeks, Trump has come under fire for his numerous misogynistic comments about women in the past, including his most recent Twitter attack on former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, whom he once called \u201cMiss Piggy\u201d and \u201cMiss Housekeeping.\u201d Despite the GOP leadership\u2019s distancing itself from Trump, however, the former Apprentice host vowed not to drop out of the race. \u201cThe media and establishment want me out of the race so badly \u2014 I WILL NEVER DROP OUT OF THE RACE, WILL NEVER LET MY SUPPORTERS DOWN! #MAGA,\u201d he tweeted prior to the debate. When Cooper, 49, directly asked Trump: \"You bragged that you sexually assaulted women. Do you understand that?\" the Republican presidential candidate once again insisted that his words were just \"locker room talk\" and tried to deflect attention to ISIS, who are \"really bad.\" Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox! Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the Us Weekly iPhone app now!", "label": 0, "id": 613}
{"text": "Daily Show Joe Biden Donald Trump Comedy Central Honestly, at this point in the 2016 presidential election, nothing should surprise you anymore. That includes when a sitting vice president says at a rally that he\u2019s ready for fisticuffs with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. But it\u2019s just another nugget for the late-night shows to feed off of, and that\u2019s what \u201cThe Daily Show\u201d did Wednesday night. Host Trevor Noah broke down the situation: Vice President Joe Biden said on the campaign trail for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton that he doesn\u2019t want to debate Trump, and instead he wishes they were in high school so Biden could take Trump \u201cbehind the gym.\u201d Trump responded by saying at one of his rallies, \u201cJoe Biden wants to take me to the back of the barn\u2026 I\u2019d love that.\u201d Noah, now confused about where the fight is actually going to take place, points out, \u201cThis is why you don\u2019t let old guys into Fight Club. The first rule of Fight Club is remember where Fight Club is.\u201d Watch the complete clip below: NOW WATCH: Briefing videos Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.", "label": 0, "id": 329}
{"text": "From AFP. Any opinions expressed are those of the authors, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iraq Business News. Iraqi special forces are facing \u201cfierce\u201d resistance as they battle the Islamic State group in southwest Mosul, a commander says.", "label": 0, "id": 377}
{"text": "Deception can destroy confidence. Pamela Myer, the author of \u201cLiespotting: Proven Techniques to Detect Deception\u201d has made a career developing interview techniques and identifying verbal and non-verbal ques a person trying to lie to you might exhibit. Follow TI: On Facebook Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.", "label": 0, "id": 335}
{"text": "Trump Jr. allowed Tuesday night in an interview with Sean Hannity of Fox News Channel that \"he has probably met with other people from Russia\" but insisted that he did not attempt to coordinate to impact the election or try to damage Hillary Clinton. He repeatedly suggested that the charges of collusion were \"ridiculous\" and \"overplayed\" and insisted that his father knew nothing about the June 2016 meeting. \"It was such a nothing there was nothing to tell\" his father, said Trump Jr. Donald Trump Jr. eagerly accepted help from what was described to him as a Russian government effort to aid his father's campaign with damaging information about Hillary Clinton, according to the emails. The email exchange posted to Twitter by President Donald Trump's eldest son shows him conversing with a music publicist who wanted him to meet with a lawyer from Moscow. The publicist describes the lawyer as a \"Russian government attorney\" who has dirt on Clinton as \"part of Russia and its government's support for Mr. Trump.\" In one response, Trump Jr. says he would \"love\" to hear more. President Donald Trump says his eldest son is \"a high-quality person,\" and he applauds \"his transparency.\" In a tweet Tuesday night, the president promoted his son's appearance on Fox News and called him a \"great person who loves our country.\" My son, Donald, will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 P.M. He is a great person who loves our country!\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2017 White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders read a brief statement from the president Tuesday in response to revelations that Trump Jr. agreed to hear damaging information on Hillary Clinton as part of the Russian government's effort to help his father. Trump Jr., who was deeply involved in his father's presidential campaign, released the emails along with a statement describing the disclosure as an effort \"to be totally transparent.\" The emails with publicist Rob Goldstone show that Trump Jr. was told that the Russian government had information that could \"incriminate\" Clinton and her dealings with Russia. Here's my statement and the full email chain pic.twitter. 050r5n5LQ\u2014 Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017 The messages were the latest disclosure to roil the ongoing investigation into potential coordination between Trump's campaign and Russia, which U.S. intelligence agencies have said sought to influence the outcome of the election in Trump's favor. As congressional committees and Special Counsel Robert Mueller, a former FBI director, investigate, the emails will almost certainly be reviewed for any signs of potential campaign collusion with the Kremlin, which the White House has repeatedly denied. Mueller spokesman Peter Carr declined to comment on the emails, citing the ongoing investigation. Here is page 4 (which did not post due to space constraints). pic.twitter. 1Xi4nr2gq\u2014 Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017 In the emails, Goldstone wrote to Trump Jr. that the information \"would be very useful to your father.\" Goldstone was working to connect Trump Jr. to Russian attorney Natalia Veselnitskaya, who later met with Trump Jr. in New York at Trump Tower. Veselnitskaya has denied that she ever worked for the Russian government and said on Tuesday that she doesn't represent the Russian government, only herself. She also said she \"couldn't have had\" information on Hillary Clinton. \"If it's what you say I love it especially later in the summer,\" Trump Jr. replied to Goldstone in one of a series of email exchanges the younger Trump posted to Twitter. The emails, dated early June, show Goldstone telling Trump that singer Emin Agalarov and his father, Moscow-based developer Aras Agalarov, had \"helped along\" the Russian government's support for Trump. The elder Agalarov was involved with Trump in hosting the 2013 Miss Universe pageant in Moscow. The two men also had preliminary discussions about building a Trump Tower in Moscow that fell through. Trump also appeared in a music video with the younger Agalarov. Goldstone at one point said he could send the information to Trump's father first directly \"via Rhona,\" an apparent reference to the elder Trump's longtime assistant Rhona Graff. The email release followed days of evolving accounts from Trump Jr. about the nature of the meeting and its purpose. The president's son posted the emails only after they were obtained by The New York Times. On Saturday, Trump Jr. described the encounter as being a \"short introductory meeting\" focused on the disbanded program that had allowed American adoptions of Russian children. Moscow ended the adoptions in response to Magnitsky Act sanctions created in response to alleged human rights violations in Russia. A day later, Trump Jr. changed his account, acknowledging that he was told beforehand that Veselnitskaya might have information \"helpful\" to the Trump campaign, and was told by her during the meeting that she had something about Clinton. In his third description of what occurred, on Tuesday, Trump Jr. said he had believed the information he would hear about Clinton would be political opposition research. He said that he first wanted to speak by phone, but that when that didn't work out, he was told that the attorney would be in New York \"and I decided to take the meeting.\" \"The woman, as she has said publicly, was not a government official,\" Trump Jr. said in the Tuesday statement. \"And, as we have said, she had no information to provide and wanted to talk about adoption policy and the Magnitsky Act.\" The Trump Organization has confirmed the authenticity of Trump Jr. posts on Twitter releasing the email chain. Associated Press writers Nekesa Mumbi Moody in New York and Julie Bykowicz in Washington contributed to this report. Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.", "label": 1, "id": 253}
{"text": "We're in Pensacola promoting @IvankaTrump's comments on Roy Moore pic.twitter. 3evTw0mw\u2014 While President Donald Trump was inside the Pensacola Bay Center auditorium in Florida on Friday night, urging people to vote for Senate candidate Roy Moore, Ivanka Trump\u2019s pointed comment on accusations against the Alabama Republican was plastered on a political ad outside. The giant ad covered the sides of a truck that was parked across the street from the auditorium and then was driven around the rally. The ad featured a giant photo of Ivanka\u2019s face along with her cutting comment about Moore in an Associated Press interview last month. \u201cThere\u2019s a special place in hell for those who abuse children,\u201d she said. (She also said in that interview that she had \u201cno reason to doubt the victims\u2019 accounts.\u201d) She criticized Moore just days after The Washington Post reported he had had inappropriate relationships with teens when he was in his 30s. One woman said he removed her clothing and groped her when she was just 14. The ads were arranged for Trump\u2019s Pensacola rally by American Bridge, a liberal group and PAC. \u201cTry as Trump and the Republican Party might, there\u2019s no way to escape the truth about Roy Moore or Ivanka Trump\u2019s own words,\u201d American Bridge spokeswoman Allison Teixeira Sulier said in a statement. \u201cIt\u2019s a disgusting new low that the President, the RNC, and the rest of the Republican Party are trying to help send a pedophile to the US Senate, and the American people won\u2019t soon forget it.\u201d The New York Times reported last month that Trump was angry with his daughterfor speaking out against Moore. The president strongly supports the former judge despite multiple accusations of sexual misconduct. Related Video:", "label": 0, "id": 501}
{"text": "FBI Director James Comey caused a major shakeup in the presidential election with his letter Friday revealing a review of newly-discovered emails related to the FBI previously-closed investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private server. Here is a rundown of what we know (and what we don't) so far: What emails were discovered? Many things remain vague and unknown about the newly uncovered emails. What we do know is that the FBI believes they are \"pertinent\" to its investigation into Clinton's use of a private server during her tenure as secretary of State. According to an official close to the investigation, there are thousands of new emails under review. What we don't know is whether they contain any classified material or could have any bearing on the previous investigation. Could the emails lead to criminal charges against Clinton? That is impossible to know at this point. In a speech Friday, Clinton said she is \"confident\" that the new developments won't change the FBI's recommendation not to prosecute her for improperly handling classified materials. Although Comey could not put a timetable on how long it will take to review the new material, a source tells USA TODAY that is unlikely it will be completed before Election Day. What is the connection to Anthony Weiner? The emails were discovered as part of an investigation into former New York congressman Anthony Weiner, who is suspected of having sexually charged communications with a 15-year-old girl. Investigators came across the emails while looking into devices used by Weiner. Weiner is married to \u2014 and currently separated from \u2014 longtime Clinton aide Huma Abedin who had access to the same device or devices. Why did Comey make the review public? In his letter to lawmakers, informing them of the latest developments, Comey said he thought it was important to update them \"in light of my previous testimony,\" which said the investigation had been concluded. Did Attorney General Loretta Lynch approve of Comey's letter to lawmakers? No. Lynch objected to Comey's decision to notify Congress that the FBI was reviewing newly discovered email, an official familiar with the matter told USA TODAY. Lynch based her objection on a long-held Justice Department policy that federal authorities should not take any action that may interfere with an election. Did Lynch try to stop Comey? Yes. Lynch shared her objections just hours before Comey sent the letter, according to USA TODAY's source. The FBI director weighed the attorney general's advice during a spirited discussion of the matter Thursday and early Friday, but in the end, Comey felt compelled to act. When is the election? Tuesday, November 8.", "label": 0, "id": 442}
{"text": "Arizona Sen. John McCain has been diagnosed with brain cancer. McCain was in the hospital to remove a blood clot from above his left eye when a tumor was located. Doctors revealed that McCain has been diagnosed with glioblastoma, an aggressive cancer. The statement says the 80-year-old senator and his family are reviewing further treatment, including a combination of chemotherapy and radiation. The doctors say McCain is recovering from his surgery amazingly well and his underlying health is excellent, according to the statement. McCain responded to the \"outpouring of support\" in seemingly good spirits Thursday, promising over Twitter that \"unfortunately for my sparring partners in Congress, I'll be back soon, so stand by!\" I greatly appreciate the outpouring of support - unfortunately for my sparring partners in Congress, I'll be back soon, so stand-by!\u2014 John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) July 20, 2017 The office of McCain sent a statement that read, \"On Friday, July 14, Sen. John McCain underwent a procedure to remove a blood clot from above his left eye at Mayo Clinic Hospital in Phoenix. Subsequent tissue pathology revealed that a primary brain tumor known as glioblastoma was associated with the blood clot. Scanning done since the procedure (a minimally invasive craniotomy with an eyebrow incision) shows that the tissue of concern was completely resected by imaging criteria. The senator and his family are reviewing further treatment options with his Mayo Clinic care team. Treatment options include a combination of chemotherapy and radiation. The Senator\u2019s doctors say he is recovering from his surgery \u2018amazingly well\u2019 and his underlying health is excellent.\" The statement continued, \"Senator McCain appreciates the outpouring of support he has received over the last few days. He is in good spirits as he continues to recover at home with his family in Arizona. He is grateful to the doctors and staff at Mayo Clinic for their outstanding care, and is confident that any future treatment will be effective. Further consultations with Senator McCain\u2019s Mayo Clinic care team will indicate when he will return to the United States Senate.\" His daughter, Meghan McCain, tweeted out a message, \"The news of my father's illness has affected every one of us in the McCain family. My grandmother, mother, brothers, sister and I have all endured the shock of the news, and now we live with the anxiety about what comes next.\" John McCain's wife Cindy posted a message on Instagram reading: \"Thank all of you for the wonderful thoughts. @senjohnmccain is doing well. We as a family will face the next hurdle together. One thing I do know is he is the toughest person I know. He is my hero and I love him with all my heart.\" McCain was the GOP's presidential nominee in 2008. A Navy pilot, he was shot down over Vietnam and held as a prisoner for 5 \u00bd years. The Associated Press has contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 252}
{"text": "Michael Images LL Cool J (Independent) Although he attended the 2004 Republican National Convention, and supported the GOP\u2019s former gubernatorial candidate for New York state in 2002, the Bay Shore, NY native told Piers Morgan earlier this year that he\u2019s actually an Independent. The Rock (Republican) WWE superstar Dwayne \"The Rock\" Johnson is a registered Republican, and was reportedly invited to speak at the 20 Republican National Convention. Shannen Doherty (Republican) \"I realize that the majority of people in the entertainment business happen to be Democrats,\" Doherty has said about her conservative views. \"I have no problem with that. And they should have no problem with the fact that I'm a Republican.\" Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt (Republicans) The Hills pot-stirrers were big McCain-Palin supporters in 2008. \"I'm voting for John McCain,\" Montag told Us Weekly in 2008. \"I'm a Republican and McCain has a lot of experience.\" Still, the pair weren't going to let their candidate's defeat by Barack Obama bring them down. \"We're behind America and America's decision,\" Pratt told MTV News. \"You win some, you lose some.\" LeAnn Rimes (Independent) Performing at GOP fundraisers does not a Republican make, according to Rimes. When asked via Twitter last year why she agreed to participate in a Republican fundraiser in Washington, D.C., she replied, \"It's a job! I'm entertainment, not making a political stance,\" and added that she performed at the Democratic convention years ago and for Clinton \"several times.\" Heather Locklear (Republican) The former Melrose Place scene-stealer is a registered member of the Republican party.", "label": 0, "id": 614}
{"text": "How many disasters must Puerto Rico suffer? After Hurricane Maria tore through the Puerto Rico, President Donald Trump was extremely slow to acknowledge that the U.S. territory was in dire need of aid. When Trump finally decided it was time to visit these Americans in need, his trip was a disaster in itself. Here are some of the shockingly insensitive, incompetent and tone-deaf things Trump said during his trip to Puerto Rico: 1. Endless Self-Promotion Despite criticism from Puerto Rican leaders and the fact that only 32 percent of Americans approve of how he\u2019s handled the disaster, Trump has spent much of his time on the island insisting that everything has been going terrifically! \u201cI think it\u2019s now acknowledged what a great job we\u2019ve done,\u201d he said. \u201cIn Texas and in Florida, we get an A+, and I\u2019ll tell you what: I think we\u2019ve done just as good in Puerto Rico.\u201d \u201cWe only heard thank yous from the people of Puerto Rico,\u201d he told another reporter. Here\u2019s an idea: rather than telling people what a great job he\u2019s done, Trump should actually just do a great job, and then the people of Puerto Rico will do the complimenting for him. 2. Depicting Puerto Ricans As Lazy Trump played upon an old, terrible stereotype of Latino laziness when he alleged that Puerto Ricans \u201c want everything to be done for them.\u201d According to Trump in the same tweet, the leadership of Puerto Rico was ineffective and they couldn\u2019t manage to get their own people to participate in the relief work. This comment is as dog whistle-y as racist dog whistles get, which is why it\u2019s entirely fair that internet commenters started sharing this photo en masse to remind Trump who exactly likes to have everything to be done for him: 3. Trump Is \u201cIn the Dark\u201d About What\u2019s Happening While handing out flashlights to hurricane survivors, Trump couldn\u2019t help but comment on the supposed pointlessness of the exercise. \u201cFlashlights?\u201d he said aloud. \u201cYou don\u2019t need \u2018em anymore. You don\u2019t need \u2018em.\u201d Why Trump felt the need to say that is unclear, especially since at that point 95 percent of Puerto Rico was still without electricity. Maybe Trump was being taken to places with power, but the vast majority of Puerto Ricans could really use those flashlights to, you know, see at night. 4. \u201cPlayfully\u201d Tossing Supplies At least he wasn\u2019t physically throwing the flashlights at the people of Puerto Rico. During another moment, Trump began tossing paper towel rolls one at a time to the crowd. It\u2019s not only an inefficient manner of distributing supplies to people in need of resources, it\u2019s a pretty degrading one. As much as Trump may fancy himself some sort of rock star, these aren\u2019t fans attending a concert looking for free merchandise. Technically, Trump didn\u2019t say anything in this instance, but the disrespect spoke volumes in his actions alone. 5. Making Puerto Rico Feel Like an Imposition The nerve of Puerto Rico to have a hurricane \u2013 don\u2019t they know how expensive recovery efforts are? Trump made sure they were well aware at a press briefing on the island. \u201cI hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you threw our budget a little out of whack,\u201d he said. Hahaha, what a funny joke, right? The president didn\u2019t make residents of Texas or Florida feel like they were a waste of money, so it seems extra suspect for the president to say something like this after already treating Puerto Ricans as lesser American citizens. 6. Minimizing the Scale of the Disaster In the face of his initial inaction, Trump has repeatedly tried to downplay the scale of Hurricane Maria. While speaking to Puerto Rican officials he said, \u201cIf you look at a real catastrophe like Katrina and you look at the tremendous hundreds and hundreds of people that died\u2026\u201d Trump said. Sorry, there\u2019s no need to finish that sentence, did Trump just really suggest a place experiencing massive devastation was not a \u201creal catastrophe\u201d? It\u2019s true that the death count in Puerto Rico is significantly lower than that of Hurricane Katrina, but if that\u2019s enough to make Trump \u201cproud\u201d (his own words) of how he\u2019s handled this crisis, he\u2019s completely off base. 7. Wiping Out Debt \u2013 But Not Really In an interview on Tuesday, Trump told Fox News that to help Puerto Rico, he was going to \u201cwipe out\u201d their existing debt. \u201cYou can wave goodbye to that,\u201d he said. Honestly, it was one of the most productive ideas to come out of the Trump administration throughout the disaster\u2026 too bad it seems that Trump was babbling without having consulted with his staff who are not on board with this idea. Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney backtracked on the president\u2019s comments saying, \u201cI wouldn\u2019t take it word for word with that,\u201d insisting that the White House would instead focus on providing disaster relief. Way to get Puerto Rico\u2019s hopes up!", "label": 1, "id": 327}
{"text": "Nigerian police force used to illustrate the story Nigerian Police personnel of the Kaduna State Police Command are presently carrying out a peaceful protest against the non-payment of their August and September salaries. Eight Police commands namely: Kaduna, Kebbi Gombe, Nasarawa, Ekiti ,Bayelsa, Imo and Ogun are reportedly owing August and September salaries, PREMIUM TIMES learnt. The protest, which cuts across the rank and file of the command, has over 20 protesters who are gathered in front of the Salaries Office inside the command headquarters. Cyril Abeh, the state commissioner of police, who said the delay in payment was from the finance ministry\u2019s IPPS office and not the fault of the police, appealed for restraint. \u201cThey are police officers operating under the law, if they misbehave, we will deal with them according to the law. This is mutiny. I am in the field attending to a very important security matter, but will be on my way back to headquarters to address them now,\u201d he said. Some of the protesting officers accused the minister of finance, Kemi Adeosun of refusing to allow President Muhammadu Buhari to know the \u201dexact situation regarding the non payment of the police salaries.\u201d \u201cShe already lied to Mr President that all is well. How can you fight corruption and you don\u2019t pay police their two months salaries,\u201d an officer said.", "label": 0, "id": 98}
{"text": "President Donald Trump on Sunday strongly condemned what he described in tweets as a \"mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria\" that allegedly left women and children dead. He laid the blame squarely at the feet of Russian President Vladimir Putin, Russia and Iran for backing resident Bashar al-Assad, who he called an \"animal.\" Trump also warned, \"Big price to pay.\" \"Open area immediately for medical help and verification. Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever. SICK!\" the president wrote. In the third of a series of tweets, he faulted former President Barack Obama for not intervening in Syria during his time in office. In April of last year, Trump ordered a Tomahawk missile strike against a Syrian airbase for a similar chemical attack. Sunday's posts left many wondering if Trump would potentially retaliate against the Syrian government, which is backed by Russia. The criticism of Putin is arguably his strongest critique of Russia since he took office 442 days ago. Syrian aid groups and activists allege that dozens of people died in a suspected chemical weapons attack on the city of Douma, the last rebel stronghold in eastern Ghouta where Assad has pursued an intensive bombing campaign. The Syrian American Medical Society said that more than 500 cases, mostly women and children, suffered symptoms \u201cindicative of exposure to a chemical agent\u201d and 42 were reported dead. Both Syria and Russia deny involvement in Sunday\u2019s alleged chemical attack. Homeland Security adviser Tom Bossert said on ABC\u2019s \u201cThis Week\u201d on Sunday that the White House is considering how to respond. He added that the national security team had been speaking to the president \u201call throughout the evening and the morning.\u201d \u201cI wouldn\u2019t take anything off the table,\u201d he said. The State Department, meanwhile, provided a full-throated critique of Russia in a statement on Saturday night that claimed that the nation had \u201cbreached its commitments to the United Nations\u201d and called \u201cinto question [Russia\u2019s] commitment to resolve the overall crisis and to larger non-proliferation priorities.\u201d \u201cRussia, with its unwavering support for the [Assad] regime, ultimately bears responsibility for these brutal attacks, targeting of countless civilians, and the suffocation of Syria\u2019s most vulnerable communities with chemical weapons,\u201d State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said. Last week, Trump reluctantly agreed to keep U.S. troops in Syria, though he stressed to his national security team his desire to end U.S. involvement in the conflict as soon as possible. Politicians call for action after Syria's alleged chemical attack Republican and Democrat leaders decried the alleged chemical attack on Sunday, calling for the U.S. to hold the Assad government accountable. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., who serves on the Armed Services Committee called on the White House to act. \u201cIf [the president] doesn\u2019t follow through and live up to that tweet, he\u2019s going to look weak in the eyes of Russia and Iran,\u201d Graham said on ABC\u2019s \u201cThis Week\u201d on Sunday. \u201cThis is a defining moment.\u201d Others from the president's own party piled on. Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said on CNN's \"State of the Union\" that Trump should rethink his plans for an early withdrawal from Syria and consider another targeted attack on Syria's military facilities, such as the one he ordered a year ago. \"That may be an option that we should consider now,\" she said. \"But it is further reason why it is so important that the president ramp up the pressure and the sanctions on the Russian government, because, without the support of Russia, I do not believe that Assad would still be in office.\" Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., also blasted the president, as he said Trump signaling last week that the U.S. would withdraw from Syria only served to embolden Assad, Russia and Iran to conduct the attack. While McCain said it was good that Trump criticized all three parties on Twitter, he said social media posts meant little in this situation. \"The question now is whether he will do anything about it,\" he said. \"The President responded decisively when Assad used chemical weapons last year. He should do so again, and demonstrate that Assad will pay a price for his war crimes.\" In the House, Republicans were also riled up and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, R-Wis., said that the United States should continue to lead in holding Assad and Russia accountable. Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, who serves as chair of the House Homeland Security Committee voiced his agreement on Fox News and called for military action. \u201cWe\u2019re not going to occupy countries anymore, but this cannot stand in the civilized world,\u201d McCaul said. \u201cThis needs to be responded to in a very firm and strong way. I think we need to deal also with Russia and Iran\u2019s involvement in this. I think they are complicit.\u201d Democrats also called for the White House to act and coordinate an international response. Sen. Ben Cardin, D-Md., said on CBS's \"Face the Nation\" that \"President Assad needs to be held accountable for his war crimes.\" \"We need to make sure that there is a proceeding started by the international community to hold him accountable,\" said Cardin, who serves on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. \"This is not the first use of chemical weapons.\" House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., said that Putin needed to be held accountable for the alleged attack as he had enabled \"these war crimes.\" But how to do that rests with the White House, she added. \u201cMembers of Congress expect a comprehensive intelligence briefing on this attack as soon as possible,\" she said in a statement. \"The Trump Administration must finally provide a smart, strong and consistent strategy in Syria.\u201d Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., said it could affect Mike Pompeo, who Trump nominated to replace Rex Tillerson as secretary of state, as he enters Senate confirmation hearings this week. \u201cThe United States must not waiver in our utter rejection of the use of chemical weapons anywhere in the world, by anyone, for any reason,\" Menedez said in a statement. \"During his upcoming hearing, I expect Secretary of State-nominee Pompeo to articulate an actual policy for Syria.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 88}
{"text": "This is now bigger than who becomes the next president. Trump is a threat to our democracy.", "label": 1, "id": 631}
{"text": "GOP congressional candidate Paul Nehlen has drawn on anti-Semitic sympathy to rally support for his fledgling campaign, BuzzFeed News reported Friday. Nehlen \u2014 who is running against House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) in a Republican primary this summer \u2014 ran a Twitter group chat where he rallied white nationalists to attack his opponents, BuzzFeed News reported. One of Nehlen's stated adversaries was the \"Jewish media,\" who he believed had \"coordinated\" to smear him after he lost the support of Breitbart News for sending tweets about white pride. Nehlen's list of targets included conservative personality John Cardillo, author Kurt Schlichter, and former Boston Red Sox pitcher turned Breitbart radio host Curt Schilling. All three men, BuzzFeed News notes, are conservatives who distanced themselves from Nehlen. The candidate turned to his Twitter group to ask for some backup, writing, \"Cardillo and others like him are working for Jewish media. Then, there are the fake conservatives who happen to be Jewish.\" Per screenshots published by BuzzFeed News, Nehlen then added: \"I'm going to decimate them all. And y'all are gonna help me.\" Sources who spoke to BuzzFeed News said that \"such requests were common\" from Nehlen. One of the group chat's most notable participants is Richard Spencer ally Eli Mosley, who heads a white nationalist group of his own called Identify Evropa, BuzzFeed News points out. Mosley is a polarizing figure even among white nationalists, as many reportedly think he sparked the violence at last year's \"Unite the Right\" rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, where a woman was killed by a white nationalist. Read more about Nehlen's group chat at BuzzFeed News. Kelly O'Meara Morales", "label": 0, "id": 609}
{"text": "This past weekend, Americans watched in shock as \u201calt-right\u201d members, neo-Nazis and white nationalists descended upon Charlottesville, Virginia, attempting to spread their message of hate and intolerance. Clashes between white nationalists and counter-protesters were numerous. One counter-protester, Heather Heyer, was killed when a man rammed his car into several counter-protesters. The man, 20-year-old James Alex Fields Jr., was later charged with second-degree murder. Earlier that day, he was photographed displaying the symbols of a white nationalist group called Vanguard America, which later denied he was a member. That weekend journalist Shaun King posted a video of several men beating a 20-year-old man named Deandre Harris. King, who was attempting to confirm the identities of the men behind the beating, found that one of the men, Alex Michael Ramos, identifies as Latino. A group called the Atlanta Antifascists then tweeted that Ramos was affiliated with the Atlanta chapter of the far-right organization Proud Boys and the far-right militia called the Georgia Security Force. In a Facebook live video that has since been deleted, Ramos claimed he wasn\u2019t racist because he was Puerto Rican. When a viewer asked why he marched with racists, Ramos said, \u201cI stood by racist people but they weren\u2019t racist to me.\u201d Ramos\u2019 assertion that his Puerto Rican roots meant he couldn\u2019t be racist is a prime example of Latinos who are completely ignorant of their ability to perpetuate white supremacy. Guess what? Latinos, both here and in Latin America, do and say plenty of things that promote anti-blackness \u2014 and most of the time we don\u2019t even blink an eye when it happens. When it comes to discussing racism, we often subscribe to the black vs. white binary that we often see in the United States. If our views aren\u2019t extreme, if we\u2019re not a \u201cfull-blown racist,\u201d then we\u2019re completely absolved of perpetuating anti-blackness, right? Wrong. When we think like that, we tend to ignore the colorism \u2014 often subtle \u2014 that permeates through much of Latin America. It\u2019s a difficult thing to confront, but if we don\u2019t address it within our own community, we can\u2019t expect it to magically resolve itself. Pulitzer prize-winning Dominican-American author Junot Diaz once said, \u201cWhite supremacy\u2019s greatest trick is that it has convinced people that it exists always in other people, never in us.\u201d Don\u2019t believe him? Earlier this year, Carlos Hakas, the man who angrily knocked over an elotero\u2019s cart in Los Angeles, exclaimed, \u201cI\u2019m not racist, I\u2019m from Argentina!\u201d In 2015, Univision entertainment reporter Rodner Figueroa compared Michelle Obama to a cast member of \u201cPlanet of The Apes.\u201d When he was fired over the comments, Figueroa wrote an open letter to Michelle Obama saying he isn\u2019t racist because he comes from a bi-racial family. What about last year, when Black Lives Matter was marching in the streets and you heard someone (maybe it was you) say, \u201cLatinos need to fight for our causes, like immigration reform,\u201d completely ignoring the fact that there are black Latinos? It doesn\u2019t just happen in the U.S. The idea that anti-blackness is only a thing perpetuated by \u201cwhite Americans\u201d is what leads a Mexican sports newspaper to make jokes like this one, literally days after a person died in Charlottesville: Meanwhile, in Mexican print media\u2026 ? pic.twitter. 0QWfJc \u2014 Laura Mart\u00ednez\u00ae (@miblogestublog) August 17, 2017 Yes, Real Madrid are nicknamed \u201cLos Blancos,\u201d but the joke is clearly rooted in the idea that \u201cwhite supremacy\u201d is a problem \u201cover there\u201d in the U.S. and not in Mexico, where they released a stamp celebrating a cartoon character that is a racist stereotype. Last year, Trilce Ortiz listed eight (out of many) ways that Latinos perpetuate anti-blackness. 404 File not found this page does not exist. please check your URL or return to homepage Right now would be a good time for us to revisit that and not just stop there, but continue to educate ourselves on how we can make sure we\u2019re not promoting white supremacy. Recommend this story to a friend by clicking on the share button below.", "label": 1, "id": 547}
{"text": "A lady identified as Monisola (@Monaayy), has taken to the social networking platform to talk down on women who are in the habit of broke-shaming men. There is a mentality in this part of the world which has led to a lot of unrealistic expectations from women who believe it is their entitlement to be taken care of and to be with a wealthy men and as a result of this, they tend to look down on struggling men. The lady who appears to be fed up with this mentality, took to the online platform to share her opinion concerning the issue. She wrote:\u201cI\u2019m sick of broke shaming. It is obnoxious and cruel. To expect a man to be financially buoyant simply because he\u2019s a man is just as offensive as expecting a woman to cook and clean simply because she\u2019s a woman. Not every man has deep pockets .\u201d \u201cIf we\u2019re kicking against patriarchal norms then we can\u2019t *expect* men to be rich because they\u2019re men, especially if you as a woman don\u2019t even have your own money! That\u2019s a disgraceful double standard. If you don\u2019t want the validity of your womanhood to be evaluated based on your domestic prowess, then stop devaluing men for being \u201cbroke\u201d. \u201cEveryone is on their personal journey. He\u2019ll get there when he gets there. If you don\u2019t want to date a man without money, fine, you have every right to make that choice. But don\u2019t shame him for his financial status. \u201cThat is cruel. Money does not grow on trees. I even see women shaming men for being in the exact same financial position as them and honestly I\u2019m embarrassed. Don\u2019t be hungry please.\u201d The post which went viral on social media, received several reactions from people who seemed to be in agreement with her post. Read the thread in full below; Stay updated with the latest Nigerian news from Information Nigeria Trending Today", "label": 0, "id": 376}
{"text": "A woman is facing charges as part an investigation by the Manatee County Sheriff\u2019s Office to crack down on illegal slot machines. Phalla Colman, 54, was arrested Thursday and charged with operating an illegal gambling establishment, operating an illegal lottery and possession of slot machines, according to a news release. Detectives began investigating Colman\u2019s business at 3325 15 St. E., Bradenton, several weeks ago after she was suspected of running an illegal internet caf\u00e9 or gambling establishment. Detectives were able to develop the case and obtain warrants for Colman\u2019s arrest and the search the establishment, the release said. On Thursday, they searched her business and arrested her. Detectives seized 1 computer monitors, 79 computer towers and $3,415 in currency. Breaking News Be the first to know when big news breaks Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms Jessica De Leon: 941-745-7049, @JDeLeon1012", "label": 0, "id": 581}
{"text": "CHANDLER, AZ - The Chandler Unified School District says an off-duty Phoenix officer left a gun at Hamilton High School on Friday. The gun was reportedly found by a student in a restroom at the Hamilton library. The school district says the Phoenix officer was on campus at the time and left the gun in the restroom in a holster. That officer is being questioned and has not been arrested at this time, according to the district. We've reached out to Chandler police for more information and are awaiting a response. A statement was sent Friday afternoon to parents by the school\u2019s principal: Dear parents and guardians, I am writing to you to let you know that a student found a loaded handgun in a holster on a handicap rail in the stall of a restroom in the Hamilton Public Library this afternoon (the library on the Hamilton campus). The student reported the gun to city library staff immediately, it was retrieved and secured by the Chandler Police School Resource Officer and students are safe. The adult community member who was visiting the Chandler Public Library and left his gun in the bathroom stall, returned for his gun and has been identified by the Chandler Police Department. Police investigated and determined that no crime had been committed. Sincerely, Chris Farabee Acting Principal, Hamilton High", "label": 0, "id": 621}
{"text": "People pass French flags lowered at half-mast in Nice on July 16, 2016, following the deadly Bastille Day attack. (VALERY /Getty Images) The Islamic State has released an official statement via its Amaq News agency regarding the July 14, Bastille Day terrorist attack in Nice, France, carried out by Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel. Police have identified Bouhlel as responsible for murdering up to 84 people by ramming into them with a truck and shooting at them at a Bastille Day celebration. The 31-year-old French-Tunisian attacker told police he was delivering ice cream in order to get on the promenade, which was closed to traffic for the celebration, The Daily Mail reports. ISIS released a statement about the attack this morning citing an \u201cinsider source.\u201d Read it below: The attack followed the orders of a previous video purportedly released by the Islamic State, in which it told its jihadists in France who could not make it to Iraq or Syria to use cars or trucks as weapons. Join over 240,0 people who get the most important news stories and the best shopping deals from Heavy \u2013 Delivered right to your inbox.", "label": 0, "id": 152}
{"text": "When you\u2019re caught in a lie, it can be difficult to know what to do. As much as it may be morally correct to admit your wrongdoing, that\u2019s too embarrassing and shameful for some individuals to handle. Unfortunately, that\u2019s why many people find themselves only getting deeper and deeper into their lies. In order to cover up for themselves, they just keep making up more and more details until their story spirals out of control. One group of people that tend to know how to deal with liars easily are legal professionals. So when this cop tried to make up a law right to an attorney, you can imagine that things quickly got out of hand! Like many people looking to make a few extra dollars these days, Wilmington, North Carolina resident Jesse Bright had been using some of his spare time to serve as a driver for the ride-sharing app Uber. However, he also had a day job\u2014one that would come in handy later. One day, Jesse was unexpectedly pulled over by a police officer, who detained his passenger, confiscating his items. Soon enough, Jesse was surrounded by officers. He thought that the whole situation seemed suspicious, to the point that he was afraid that one of the cops may have slipped something onto his passenger seat. Continue reading on the next page\u2026", "label": 0, "id": 228}
{"text": "Almost a half-century ago, in 1968, the United States seemed to be falling apart. The Vietnam War, a bitter and close presidential election, antiwar protests, racial riots, political assassinations, terrorism and a recession looming on the horizon left the country divided between a loud radical minority and a silent conservative majority. The United States avoided a civil war. But America suffered a collective psychological depression, civil unrest, defeat in Vietnam and assorted disasters for the next decade -- until the election of a once-polarizing Ronald Reagan ushered in five consecutive presidential terms of relative bipartisan calm and prosperity from 1981 to 2001. It appears as if 2017 might be another 1968. Recent traumatic hurricanes seem to reflect the country's human turmoil. After the polarizing Obama presidency and the contested election of Donald Trump, the country is once again split in two. But this time the divide is far deeper, both ideologically and geographically -- and more 50/50, with the two liberal coasts pitted against red-state America in between. Century-old mute stone statues are torn down in the dead of night, apparently on the theory that by attacking the Confederate dead, the lives of the living might improve. All the old standbys of American life seem to be eroding. The National Football League is imploding as it devolves into a political circus. Multimillionaire players refuse to stand for the national anthem, turning off millions of fans whose former loyalties paid their salaries. Politics -- or rather a progressive hatred of the provocative Donald Trump -- permeates almost every nook and cranny of popular culture. The new allegiance of the media, late-night television, stand-up comedy, Hollywood, professional sports and universities is committed to liberal sermonizing. Politically correct obscenity and vulgarity among celebrities and entertainers is a substitute for talent, even as Hollywood is wracked by sexual harassment scandals and other perversities. The smears \"racist,\" \"fascist,\" \"white privilege\" and \"Nazi\" -- like \"commie\" of the 1950s -- are so overused as to become meaningless. There is now less free speech on campus than during the McCarthy era of the early 1950s. As was the case in 1968, the world abroad is also falling apart. The European Union, model of the future, is unraveling. The EU has been paralyzed by the exit of Great Britain, the divide between Spain and Catalonia, the bankruptcy of Mediterranean nation members, insidious terrorist attacks in major European cities and the onslaught of millions of immigrants -- mostly young, male and Muslim -- from the war-torn Middle East. Germany is once again becoming imperious, but this time insidiously by means other than arms. The failed state of North Korea claims that it has nuclear-tipped missiles capable of reaching America's West Coast -- and apparently wants some sort of bribe not to launch them. Iran is likely to follow the North Korea nuclear trajectory. In the meantime, its new Shiite hegemony in the Middle East is feeding on the carcasses of Syria and Iraq. Is the chaos of 2017 a catharsis -- a necessary and long overdue purge of dangerous and neglected pathologies? Will the bedlam within the United States descend into more nihilism, or offer a remedy to the status quo that had divided and nearly bankrupted the country? Is the problem too much democracy, as the volatile and fickle mob runs roughshod over establishment experts and experienced bureaucrats? Or is the crisis too little democracy, as populists strive to dethrone a scandal-plagued, anti-democratic, incompetent and overrated entrenched elite? Neither traditional political party has any answers. Democrats are being overwhelmed by the identity politics and socialism of progressives. Republicans are torn asunder between upstart populist nationalists and the calcified establishment status quo. Yet for all the social instability and media hysteria, life in the United States quietly seems to be getting better. The economy is growing. Unemployment and inflation remain low. The stock market and middle-class incomes are up. Business and consumer confidence are high. Corporate profits are up. Energy production has expanded. The border with Mexico is being enforced. Is the instability less a symptom that America is falling apart and more a sign that the loud conventional wisdom of the past -- about the benefits of a globalized economy, the insignificance of national borders and the importance of identity politics -- is drawing to a close, along with the careers of those who profited from it? In the past, any crisis that did not destroy the United States ended up making it stronger. But for now, the fight grows over which is more toxic -- the chronic statist malady that was eating away the country, or the new populist medicine deemed necessary to cure it. (C) 2017 TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC. Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University. His latest book is The Savior Generals from BloomsburyBooks. You can reach him by e-mailing author@victorhanson.com. Stunning Video Will Make Any Atheist's Jaw Drop", "label": 0, "id": 4}
{"text": "A photograph shows a black police officer protecting participants in a white supremacist protest in Charlottesville. On 12 August 2017, just after the occurrence of violent and tragic events at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, left multiple people dead, an image was widely circulated via social media seemingly showing a black police officer calmly standing guard to protect a group of racist protesters carrying Confederate flags, wearing Ku Klux Klan garb, and issuing Nazi salutes: Although this photograph was genuine, it was not \u2014 as was widely assumed (or stated) in social media posts \u2014 a picture snapped at the 12 August 2017 white nationalist rally in Charlottesville. The image had been posted online well over a month earlier, as shown in this 9 July 2017 tweet from Tucson, Arizona, police chief Chris Magnus: Photo says it all. Police around nation called upon to protect 1st Amend rights no matter how heinous they may find the speech. pic.twitter.com/3keTS7bdX2 It was also posted on Facebook at that time by Kimberly Payne Hawk, who described the pictured policeman as \u201cCharlottesville Police Officer Nash\u201d: A few days later, Frank Somerville of Oakland television station KTVU wrote of the latter posting that: Kimberly\u2019s post went viral. But there were also a number of really nasty comments. And Kimberly later posted this in response: \u201cOn Monday I saw a photo from the K rally that moved me and I posted it. Now it has gone viral and mean, angry people are coming out of the woodwork. I do not care about the rude comments towards me but I am becoming quite irritated at the attacks on our local police officer. He is getting attacked for being an African American police officer who was protecting the free speech rights of the klan and I am getting accused of being a supporter of racism because my sister is a police officer. It must be a horrible way to live to be so defensive and angry all the time. I hope these people can find some happiness and peace at some point in their lives.\u201d I\u2019m dumbfounded that anyone could criticize this officer and what he\u2019s doing. Thank you Officer Nash for your service. And thank you Kimberly Payne Hawk for posting this. The image originated with a Ku Klux Klan rally held in downtown Charlottesville on 8 July 2017: The photograph was snapped by during that protest by Jill Mumie, one of several shots she captured on her iPhone: That afternoon, she positioned herself near an area that had been cordoned off \u201cin anticipation of what might unfold.\u201d She purposefully stayed in front of the officer, waiting for what she felt was the right moment that captured the \u201cbizarre\u201d scene that was unfolding. Once the Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan arrived, she recalled \u201ca huge surge of people behind me.\u201d And so with her iPhone, Mumie tried a few different shots. In one outtake, a girl stands beside the officer, snapping a picture of the commotion as the officer stares elsewhere. The angle of his chin, the tilt of his head, something felt off. In another outtake, the attention is focused on a man behind the officer who displays a middle finger in Mumie\u2019s direction. The officer pictured in the image was a Charlottesville High School school resource officer named Darius Nash, who said, \u201cI don\u2019t feel like I\u2019m a hero for it. I swore to protect my city and that\u2019s what I was there to do. I don\u2019t think it makes me a hero, just doing what I believe in.\u201d Snopes.com has long been engaged in the battle against misinformation, an effort we could not sustain without the support of our readers. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support us, click here.", "label": 0, "id": 565}
{"text": "Tionne \u2018T-Boz\u2019 Watkins recently revealed that a family member was killed at the hands of an itchy trigger-fingered cop. Watkins hit the the net with her heartbreaking story about her cousin, 25-year-old Eddie Russell, Jr., who was shot multiple times and killed by police in Peoria, Illinois. The department is investigating the fatal shooting death, however T-Boz and her family are disputing the officer\u2019s account of what happened. T-Boz posted the tweets above with the following caption: My Cousin Was Shot 18 Times Including the Face and Back of His Head! He Harmed NO ONE EVER! He Had Mental Health Issues AND THE COPS KNEW THAT! Anything he\u2019s ever Done Was minor and NON VIOLENT! Eddie Russell Jr -A Human-Being -A Son- Brother-Friend-Nephew \u2013 Cousin-HUMAN! The cops told his mother to call him out on a bullhorn USED her saying \u201cWE WILL GIVE HIM THE HELP HE NEEDS\u201d and He Came Out Because He Heard His Mother and They used beyond excessive force to gun him down also with heavy artillery used in warfare! 18 times? Shot eighteen times? IF THEIR GOING ON WHAT HES HOLDING AT THE BANK THAT ISN\u2019T A GUN! (Picture Is Posted)They Keep saying he had a gun! I don\u2019t see a gun in his hand at the bank they say he tried to rob! That\u2019s NOT A GUN! They blocked everyone off including neighbors at a 4 block radius including his mother and father and family!People could NOT go home! So no camera phones accessible is that why? COPS DIDN\u2019T HAVE ON BODY CAMS now isn\u2019t that convenient! They Lied and told family members Eddie Jr was at the hospital to get them away from the house knowing he was dead outside the house where they killed him! They kept his BODY OUTSIDE ON THE GROUND FOR MANY MANY HOURS! First they reported he ran out shooting =LIES! Then one cop shot =LIES! Then 5-6 shots =LIES! Then 5-6 cops shot YEAH CLEARLY! But why SO MANY TIMES? Why THE AR15? They didn\u2019t even wait for the negotiator to arrive or is it that the negotiator took his time getting there? They haven\u2019t Even Gave my cousin the RESPECT of trying to call and explain WHAT HAPPENED IN DETAIL TO HER CHILD! He needs JUSTICE! His Mother and Father and Family need JUSTICE! This wasn\u2019t a hostage situation! He didn\u2019t threaten anyone\u2019s life! This was a mentally iLL young man who needed help and should have received just that! PLEASE HELP HIS MOTHER AND SPREAD HER STORY SO SHE CAN GET THE HELP SHE NEEDS AND JUSTICE FOR HER SON! His Mother Has Tried For Many Years To Get Her Son Mental Health Counseling He Needed! The system Failed Him and Her! #AmericaIsTainted #TrumpIsAChump #TakeAKnee #BendAKnee #JusticeForEddieJr #Shot18Times #tboz #tlc #tbeezy #tlcarmy #justice #peoriaillinois #EddieRussell Eddie Russell, Jr., who suffers from mental illness, was named as a suspect in an armed robbery. Officers claim he robbed the First Mid-Illinois Bank and Trust before returning home where an hours-long police stand-off ensued. Officers reportedly fired their weapons after Russell, Jr. emerged from his home. According to police accounts, Russell, Jr. exited the home in an \u201caggressive\u201d manner and the officers stated they believed he was holding the same handgun used in the robbery. Eddie Russell, Jr. was pronounced dead at the scene on Wednesday, September 20. Condolences to T-Boz and her family. Hopefully they will find the answers they seek in this horrible tragedy.", "label": 0, "id": 540}
{"text": "Turns Out The Uxbridge Fresh Prince Of Bad Hair Is 19, Still In High School, And Put Uxbridge High On Lockdown After A Gun Incident On Snapchat Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at Turtleboysports@gmail.com for more information. Earlier today we blogged about the Uxbridge Fresh Prince of Bad Hair, who thought it would be wise to shoot a cop car with a BB gun, and then shoot an autistic man the next day. We couldn\u2019t find his Facebook page, but within an hour we had a million people pointing us to his Uxbridge street name \u2013 Tre Patterson: As you can see, we\u2019re dealing with a real winner here. Turns out this 19 year old is STILL IN HIGH SCHOOL! I shit you not. That\u2019s why the two others he was with aren\u2019t having their names released \u2013 because they\u2019re his minor friends from high school. He tells kids in his peer group what things were like \u201cback in my day.\u201d This year Tre, who recently moved here from \u201cdown south,\u201d and claims to have enrolled at Uxbridge High School because the coach at UConn told him it would help him get recruited, was suspended multiple times. One of the incidents happened when he got the school put on lock down because he had beef with kids from another school on snapchat, and he claimed he had a gun on snapchat, DURING SCHOOL HOURS, and the other kids were coming to UHS with more guns. After being uncooperative with the principals AND the cops about it, he was escorted off the premises and suspended. Not expelled- just suspended. Because I\u2019m sure when he came back he had a newfound thirst for knowledge and a desire to follow school rules. He also was on the basketball and football teams, but hardly ever played because his grades weren\u2019t good enough. It\u2019s hard passing college prep math when you\u2019re only 19 years old. So much for UConn. Here he is all dolled up for the first of many junior proms to come for Tre-Tre: Of course he\u2019s the cool kid because he can legally buy booze in Canada and no one else can: Don\u2019t worry though, the fam is holding it down on Facebook and has gone full free my boi! Apparently his response to the cops after he shot the autistic man was that he \u201cdidn\u2019t know he had autism.\u201d Because it\u2019s OK to shoot people with BB guns in public as long as they\u2019re not autistic. Oh, and autistic people all have tattoos on their forehead that let them know they\u2019re autistic. That\u2019s literally the though process of this nudnik. Anyway, this is yet another example of the failed educational policies from our state and federal government. This is what happens when administrators value their graduation rates more than the well-being of the entire school \u2013 they keep shitheads like this in school instead of expelling them. Because it looks better on a chart if they have less dropouts. Oh, and don\u2019t forget that schools all have mandates from the federal government, due to Arne Duncan\u2019s reign of terror, to reduce suspension rates, particularly for students of color. So now schools like Uxbridge are forced to keep morons like this, who obviously have no intention of learning, enrolled in schools. They make it impossible for teachers to do their job and they poison the rest of the student body with their bullshit. Uxbridge High School lost an entire day of learning because of him. If somehow he graduates this year he\u2019ll be 20 when he does so. And it will only be the result of social promotion, fueled by a desire for better charts. We urge you to support the following local businesses.", "label": 0, "id": 132}
{"text": "Last Sunday, a frightfully organized lone gunman opened fire on a crowd of 22,0 people at the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas. In his room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel, he had 23 guns, some of which were outfitted with bump stocks (devices which allow semi-automatic weapons the capability to mimic the gunfire of automatic weapons). He killed 58 people and injured 527 before being discovered, killing himself before police could apprehend him. In the wake of the worst mass shooting in modern United States history, the NRA CEO's response to the Las Vegas shooting was defiant, belligerent, and utterly tone deaf. Romper has reached out to the NRA and is awaiting a reply. NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre, normally a man who keeps a low profile, offered a rare interview with Fox News on Thursday. While he did call the Las Vegas shooting an \"unimaginable tragedy\" during his interview, LaPierre insisted that stricter gun laws would not change mass shootings: If legislation worked, Boston massacre wouldn\u2019t have worked, San Bernardino where California has every gun law on the books, that wouldn\u2019t have happened. LaPierre went on to quickly accuse the \"other side\" of the tragedy; notably Democrats and celebrities who have been vehemently calling for gun control legislation. The NRA CEO lashed out and accused them of trying to politicize a tragedy, and attempting \u201cto piggyback their whole agenda to ban guns, restrict law abiding people for the last 20 years, this circus, on the back of this tragedy.\u201d The CEO became especially agitated when discussing what he believes to be the double standard coming out of Hollywood: We spend millions of dollars every year, teaching people safety and responsibility, and this Hollywood crowd makes billions teaching gun irresponsibility to the American public. The hypocrisy is beyond belief. Of course, LaPierre doesn't have actual facts to back up those claims, and it's important to remember that he is talking about fictional depictions in action movies. When LaPierre accused those unnamed \"Hollywood elites\" of \"protecting themselves with guns,\" while supposedly wanting to get rid of guns, he has clearly forgotten that few people who have weighed in on stricter gun control have not called for an outright ban of firearms, according to Salon. His interview with Fox News' Sean Hannity was terribly off the mark, focused on Hollywood, rather than the \"unimaginable tragedy\" he referenced at first and then appeared to quickly forget. Movies in Hollywood do depict deaths, but not actual deaths caused by real guns. Here are a few real-life statistics about gun use in America: According to Vox, the United States fares poorly when compared to gun violence in countries of similar socio-economic success. There are six times as many homicides by firearms in the United Statescompared to neighboring Canada, and 16 times as many as Germany. Americans own nearly half of the civilian-owned firearmsin the world, according to CNN, 310 million of the 650 million civilian-owned firearms worldwide. Americans own more guns per capita than any other country on the planet, according to a PEW Center study. There are more public mass shootings in the United States than any other country in the world, according to the same study by the PEW Center. However badly LaPierre would like to shift the focus from the Las Vegas shooting victims to his personal vendetta against Hollywood action films, it can't happen. The reality is, the families of those victims need a real, informed, empathetic response to the mass shooting. Not a distraction. Because they are real people who lost real loved ones at the hands of a man with real guns. This isn't a movie. It's real life.", "label": 0, "id": 110}
{"text": "Internet censorship is hurting conservative websites like DC Clothesline. If you enjoy our articles please consider making a small donation today. Thank YOU! ******************************************************************************** If you recall, then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton was one that was always talking about money in politics while hypocritically soliciting donations from some of the world\u2019s most corrupt people and organizations. Now, it\u2019s come to light that Clinton apparently funneled over $800,0 from her campaign money to her new political PAC, Onward Together, which is backing several groups of resistance against the current administration, including ANTIFA. The Daily Caller reports: As a presidential candidate, Clinton railed against \u201cdark money\u201d groups like Onward Together. Clinton transferred$800,0 from her failed 2016 presidential campaign to Onward Together shortly before announcing the group\u2019s launch in May, documents the campaign filed with the FEC reveal. Clinton doesn\u2019t even deny that she is supporting such groups. In an email signed by her that went out last week asking for money, Clinton wrote, \u201cYou may not have heard much about the work we\u2019re doing at Onward Together,\u201d Clinton wrote. \u201cThat\u2019s because we\u2019re working behind the scene to fund, support, and amplify the work of the groups we\u2019re supporting. We\u2019re not the story: they are.\u201d Revolutionary Hearing Aid Is Now Giving Free Fit &amp; Feel Samples Each of five political groups that were mentioned were contacted by The Daily Caller and asked if they were being funded and supported by Onward Together. Out of those five, only one group, the Soros-backed Indivisible, responded. \u201cOnward Together has not given any financial support to us,\u201d Helen Kalla, an Indivisible spokesperson, wrote in an email. Kalla added that Clinton\u2019s group has \u201cbeen amplifying and highlighting our work through their digital networks,\u201d which she explained has consisted of \u201cretweeting [Indivisible], and they\u2019ve highlighted our work via their emails to their list too.\u201d Onward Together is not required to reveal donors\u2019 identity as a 501(c)4 \u201csocial welfare\u201d organization. The group also will not be revealing those identities, something that is only occurring to protect the guilty. Meanwhile, because the Trump administration did not keep its promise to investigate and seek prosecution of Mrs. Clinton, she is freely promoting her blame book, What Happened, and now she is funding the little Communists known as ANTIFA, which are working against the administration and against the very heart and soul of American culture and history. But we can\u2019t do anything about the Clintons because they are really good people, right Mr. President? Courtesy of Freedom Outpost Tim Brown is an author and Editor at FreedomOutpost.com, SonsOfLibertyMedia.com, GunsInTheNews.com and TheWashingtonStandard.com. He is husband to his \u201cmore precious than rubies\u201d wife, father of 10 \u201cmighty arrows\u201d, jack of all trades, Christian and lover of liberty. He resides in the U.S. occupied Great State of South Carolina. Tim is also an affiliate for the Joshua Mark 5 hybrid semi-automatic rifle. Follow Tim on Twitter.", "label": 1, "id": 191}
{"text": "First U.S. Labor Day Parade, September 5, 1882 in New York (Image by wikimedia) Permission Details DMCA The Labor Day parades are over. The bands have packed up. The muscular speeches celebrating workers are finished. The trash is getting collected from parks across the country. And now conservative politicians from Trump on down will revive their systematic efforts to weaken unions and undermine workers. Trump -- despite all the populist bunting that decorates his speeches -- sustains the deeply entrenched Republican antipathy to organized workers. Their attack is relentless. Trump's budget calls for deep cuts in the Labor Department, eviscerating job training programs and cutting -- by 40 percent -- the agency that does research on workplace safety. It would eliminate the program that funds education of workers on how to avoid workplace hazards. It even savages money for mine safety enforcement for the miners Trump claims to love. Trump is systematically reversing any Obama rule that aided workers. He signed legislation scrapping the rule that required federal contractors to disclose violations of workplace safety and employment and anti-discrimination laws. His Labor Secretary has announced his intention to strip millions of workers of the overtime pay they would have received under Obama DOL regulations. Trump is creating a pro-business majority at the National Labor Relations Board, which will roll back Obama's efforts to make it easier for workers to organize, and make it possible to hold home companies responsible for the employment practices of their franchisees. The GOP's Anti-Union Strategy This is simply standard operating procedure for today's Republican party. Long ago, Republicans realized that organized labor was a central \"pillar,\" as Grover Norquist described it, of Democratic Party strength. Now Republican office holders at every level -- from county officials to statehouses to judges -- know that their job is to weaken labor unions. From right to work laws to administrative regulations to court challenges, Republicans sustain an unrelenting attack. And aided by our perverse globalization strategies, they've been remarkably successful. Unions are down to about 7 percent of the private workforce. Public employee unions, a relative stronghold, are facing court challenges -- essentially allowing workers to enjoy the benefits of union negotiations without paying dues -- that will decimate their membership. True conservatives would embrace unions. They are a classic \"mediating institution,\" a voluntary civic organization between government and the individual. Unions increase the voice and power of workers in the workplace, helping to keep executive accountable, and to protect workers from abuse. They also educate their members, teach democracy, and are central to community volunteer and service efforts. They teach and practice democratic citizenship. The modern Republican Party, of course, is the party of big business and big money. It isn't conservative; it is partisan. And weakening unions is a constant target. While Republicans understand how important unions are to Democrats and to workers, Democrats don't seem to get it. Sure, they line up to get union donations; most will vote to defend unions and worker programs. But as the money in politics has gotten bigger and the unions have gotten weaker, the Wall Street wing of the Democratic Party has become more powerful. The result is clear. When Republicans get control, they attack unions relentlessly. When Democrats gain control, as they did in 2012 with the election of Barack Obama and Democratic majorities in both houses, labor law reform, empowering workers to organize is not a priority. Obama essentially told unions that if they could get the votes, he'd sign the law, but he wasn't leading the charge. And so as under Carter and Clinton, changing the law to make it easier for workers to organize and bargain collectively didn't happen. Unions Under Siege Now unions are under siege. Yet it is hard to imagine how a small \"d\" democracy can be robust, or a large \"D\" Democratic Party can regain its mojo without a revived movement of workers. It's time for Democrats at every level to realize: strengthening workers and their unions isn't an elective; it's a requirement and a first priority. The loop works like this: Unions are in decline. As a result, unions lose influence inside the Democratic Party. The Democrats then feel no pressure to stem unions' decline, and the economically disadvantaged lose what was once their most powerful advocate. Then the cycle continues. We cannot revive unions, and we have no template for egalitarian politics without them. Unions aren't simply economic actors. They're political actors. Labor still needs the Democrats. The Democrats, more than they realize, still need labor. But most of all, all those who want to build a fairer society need their partnership. How To Easily Kill 98% Of Mold In Your Home Stunning Video Will Make Any Atheist's Jaw Drop How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger Republican elites understand the doom loop. Big business, small business, and Tea Party alike have pushed hard against unions. As the parties have polarized, Republicans have taken the gloves off, risking the votes of the 40 percent of union members who back Republicans in order to crush a pillar of the Democratic coalition. Even President Bernie Sanders would have real trouble rebuilding unions in the face of a Republican Congress and a federal judiciary eager to swat down pro-labor executive action. Even without Republican politicians digging their graves, labor unions face deep challenges. In the private sector, unions must sign contracts workplace by workplace. Gawker writers here and home-care workers there will continue to organize their workplaces, but the barriers remain dauntingly high. In the public sector, unions have stood steady. But cops and teachers alike face blowback for putting their own prerogatives above the public interest. And if the Supreme Court bans the collection of agency fees in the public sector (thus imposing \"right to work\"), public-sector union membership could halve in a decade. Revolutionary Hearing Aid Is Now Giving Free Fit &amp; Feel Samples First U.S. Labor Day Parade, September 5, 1882 in New York (Image by wikimedia) Permission Details DMCA The Labor Day parades are over. The bands have packed up. The muscular speeches celebrating workers are finished. The trash is getting collected from parks across the country. And now conservative politicians from Trump on down will revive their systematic efforts to weaken unions and undermine workers. Trump -- despite all the populist bunting that decorates his speeches -- sustains the deeply entrenched Republican antipathy to organized workers. Their attack is relentless. Trump's budget calls for deep cuts in the Labor Department, eviscerating job training programs and cutting -- by 40 percent -- the agency that does research on workplace safety. It would eliminate the program that funds education of workers on how to avoid workplace hazards. It even savages money for mine safety enforcement for the miners Trump claims to love. Trump is systematically reversing any Obama rule that aided workers. He signed legislation scrapping the rule that required federal contractors to disclose violations of workplace safety and employment and anti-discrimination laws. His Labor Secretary has announced his intention to strip millions of workers of the overtime pay they would have received under Obama DOL regulations. Trump is creating a pro-business majority at the National Labor Relations Board, which will roll back Obama's efforts to make it easier for workers to organize, and make it possible to hold home companies responsible for the employment practices of their franchisees. The GOP's Anti-Union Strategy This is simply standard operating procedure for today's Republican party. Long ago, Republicans realized that organized labor was a central \"pillar,\" as Grover Norquist described it, of Democratic Party strength. Now Republican office holders at every level -- from county officials to statehouses to judges -- know that their job is to weaken labor unions. From right to work laws to administrative regulations to court challenges, Republicans sustain an unrelenting attack. And aided by our perverse globalization strategies, they've been remarkably successful. Unions are down to about 7 percent of the private workforce. Public employee unions, a relative stronghold, are facing court challenges -- essentially allowing workers to enjoy the benefits of union negotiations without paying dues -- that will decimate their membership. True conservatives would embrace unions. They are a classic \"mediating institution,\" a voluntary civic organization between government and the individual. Unions increase the voice and power of workers in the workplace, helping to keep executive accountable, and to protect workers from abuse. They also educate their members, teach democracy, and are central to community volunteer and service efforts. They teach and practice democratic citizenship. The modern Republican Party, of course, is the party of big business and big money. It isn't conservative; it is partisan. And weakening unions is a constant target. While Republicans understand how important unions are to Democrats and to workers, Democrats don't seem to get it. Sure, they line up to get union donations; most will vote to defend unions and worker programs. But as the money in politics has gotten bigger and the unions have gotten weaker, the Wall Street wing of the Democratic Party has become more powerful. The result is clear. When Republicans get control, they attack unions relentlessly. When Democrats gain control, as they did in 2012 with the election of Barack Obama and Democratic majorities in both houses, labor law reform, empowering workers to organize is not a priority. Obama essentially told unions that if they could get the votes, he'd sign the law, but he wasn't leading the charge. And so as under Carter and Clinton, changing the law to make it easier for workers to organize and bargain collectively didn't happen. Unions Under Siege Now unions are under siege. Yet it is hard to imagine how a small \"d\" democracy can be robust, or a large \"D\" Democratic Party can regain its mojo without a revived movement of workers. It's time for Democrats at every level to realize: strengthening workers and their unions isn't an elective; it's a requirement and a first priority. The loop works like this: Unions are in decline. As a result, unions lose influence inside the Democratic Party. The Democrats then feel no pressure to stem unions' decline, and the economically disadvantaged lose what was once their most powerful advocate. Then the cycle continues. We cannot revive unions, and we have no template for egalitarian politics without them. Unions aren't simply economic actors. They're political actors. Labor still needs the Democrats. The Democrats, more than they realize, still need labor. But most of all, all those who want to build a fairer society need their partnership. How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger The Mysterious \u201cSecret Stock\u201d \u2013 It Could Fund Your Retirement", "label": 1, "id": 30}
{"text": "When the Graham-Cassidy bill failed to reach the Senate floor last week, the media wanted to put a stake in the heart of the administration\u2019s agenda, declaring all Obamacare repeal efforts to be dead. For the millions of Americans struggling under the Affordable Care Act regime, however, the fight to make lemonade out of lemons must continue this fall. Luckily, conservatives in Congress who want to see the end of Obamacare and understand the perils of inaction are not giving up. Earlier this week, America Rising Squared, a conservative policy organization which I lead, issued a path forward. We outline five popular conservative actions Congress and the president can take by the end of the year to protect taxpayers and those disproportionately harmed by the ACA while the larger repeal effort remains delayed until next year. The first step is to protect them from new Obamacare taxes coming in January. Americans should be encouraged to know that conservatives in the Senate have introduced legislation to stop the health insurance tax and the medical device tax. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) and 10 fellow conservative senators, including Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and Ron Johnson (R-Wis.), introduced legislation last week to stop the insurance tax. In the House, a bipartisan effort is underway to do the same, led by Republican Rep. Kristi Noem of South Dakota and Democratic Rep. Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona. These members of Congress understand that Obamacare taxes will harm Americans of all walks of life, and will disproportionately harm seniors and small businesses. In all, if Congress fails to act, the health insurance tax would amount to a new annual $14.3 billion tax increase. Republicans don\u2019t want to see a tax hike go into effect on their watch, and Democrats don\u2019t want to put more of a burden on vulnerable Americans, so action is required now. Second, there should be no bailouts for Obamacare. While bipartisanship is a key to success in getting legislation passed, the president and conservatives in Congress ought to fight back against all efforts to bail out this law. When House Republicans sued President Obama in 2014 over the health-care act's cost-sharing subsidies, a federal judge sided with the plaintiffs, deeming these bailouts unconstitutional. The Obama administration appealed, so today President Trump can easily drop that appeal and end unconstitutional Obamacare cronyism. Liberals in the Senate want new bailouts, but conservatives such as Cruz have warned colleagues that they must oppose any such efforts. The third step needed to cripple the health care law and protect Americans is for President Trump to direct the IRS to weaken the individual mandate and expand the hardship exemptions. The individual mandate has forced many Americans to purchase coverage they do not want and cannot afford, and even candidate Obama admitted in 2008 that under Massachusetts' plan, \u201cthere are people who are paying \ufb01nes and still can\u2019t afford [health insurance], so now they\u2019re worse off than they were.\u201d He was right, and President Trump can give these Americans relief from fines easily by directing the IRS to ease the mandate. The two final steps the president and Republicans in Congress can take before the end of the year is to fully implement 90 percent cuts to Obamacare marketing, which would save the federal government some $90 million, and fully protect American seniors from new taxes on Medicare plans. Among the taxes going into effect next year, those enrolled in Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D will see taxes increased nearly $3,0 each over the next decade if Congress fails to act. Time is running out, and President Trump and Republicans in Congress must act now to stop new Obamacare taxes, end the cronyism of bailouts, free Americans from burdensome federal mandates, cut wasteful ACA marketing, and protect America\u2019s seniors. President Trump and conservatives have it within their power today to stop the most harmful aspects of the health care law, but time is short; the time to act is now. Want to protect your brain and revitalize your memory? You NEED this Super Coffee!", "label": 1, "id": 6}
{"text": "Internet censorship is hurting conservative websites like DC Clothesline. If you enjoy our articles please consider making a small donation today. Thank YOU! ******************************************************************************** ( Natural News) A stunning new science paper authored by climate change alarmists and published in the science journal Nature Geoscience has just broken the back of the climate change hoax. The paper, authored by Myles R. Allen, Richard J. Millar and others, reveals that global warming climate models are flat wrong, having been deceptively biased toward \u201cworst case\u201d warming predictions that now turn out to be paranoid scare mongering. The paper, entitled, \u201c Emission budgets and pathways consistent with limiting warming to 1.5 \u00b0C,\u201d concludes that the global warming long feared and hyped by everyone from Al Gore to CNN talking heads was based on faulty software models that don\u2019t stand up to actual measured temperatures in the real world. In technical jargon, the paper explains, \u201cWe show that limiting cumulative post-2015 CO2 emissions to about 200 GtC would limit post-2015 warming to less than 0.6 \u00b0C in 66% of Earth system model members.\u201d In effect, the current global warming software models used by the IPCC and cited by the media wildly over-estimate the warming effects of CO2 emissions. How much do they over-estimate warming? By about 50%. Where the software models predicted a 1.3 C rise in average global temperatures, only a rise of about 0.9 C has actually been recorded (and many data points in that average have, of course, been fabricated by climate change scientists to push a political narrative). In other words, carbon dioxide emissions don\u2019t produce the warming effects that have been blindly claimed by climate change alarmists. \u201cClimate change poses less of an immediate threat to the planet than previously thought because scientists got their modelling wrong,\u201d reports the UK Telegraph. \u201cNew research by British scientists reveals the world is being polluted and warming up less quickly than 10-year-old forecasts predicted, giving countries more time to get a grip on their carbon output.\u201d In other words, the climate change threat has been wildly overstated. The fear mongering of Al Gore and the government-funded science community can truly only be described as a \u201cjunk science hoax.\u201d Climate alarmists suddenly find themselves admitting they were wrong all along \u201cThe paper \u2026 concedes that it is now almost impossible that the doomsday predictions made in the last IPCC Assessment Report of 1.5 degrees C warming above pre-industrial levels by 2022 will come true,\u201d writes James Delingpole. He goes on to say: One researcher \u2013 from the alarmist side of the argument, not the skeptical one \u2013 has described the paper\u2019s conclusion as \u201cbreathtaking\u201d in its implications. He\u2019s right. The scientists who\u2019ve written this paper aren\u2019t climate skeptics. They\u2019re longstanding warmists, implacable foes of climate skeptics, and they\u2019re also actually the people responsible for producing the IPCC\u2019s carbon budget. Why Doctors In The Know No Longer Prescribe Blood Pressure Meds In other words, this represents the most massive climbdown from the alarmist camp. Are we about to see climate change alarmists owning up to the fact that real-world data show their software models to be rooted in junk science? The unraveling has begun, but there is so much political capital already invested in the false climate change narrative that it will take years to fully expose the depth of scientific fraud and political dishonesty underpinning the global warming hoax. Climate change software models were deliberately tweaked to paint an exaggerated doomsday picture in order to scare the world into compliance panic What\u2019s clear from all this is that IPCC software models were deliberately biased in favor of the worst-case \u201cdoomsday\u201d predictions in order to terrorize the world with a fake climate change hoax. But now the fake science is catching up to them, and they\u2019re getting caught in their own lies. The software models, by the way, were fraudulently programmed with dishonest model \u201cweights\u201d to produce alarming warming predictions no matter what temperature data points were entered into the system. This is best explained in this Natural News article which goes into great detail, covering the IPCC global warming software modeling hoax: Hacking the IPCC global warming data The same left-wing media outlets that fabricated the \u201cRussian hacking\u201d conspiracy, curiously, have remained totally silent about a real, legitimate hacking that took place almost two decades earlier. The IPCC \u201cglobal warming\u201d software models, we now know, were \u201chacked\u201d from the very beginning, programmed to falsely produce \u201chockey stick\u201d visuals from almost any data set\u2026 include \u201crandom noise\u201d data. What follows are selected paragraphs from a fascinating book that investigated this vast political and scientific fraud: The Real Global Warming Disaster by Christopher Booker(Continuum, 2009). This book is also available as an audio book from Audible.com, so if you enjoy audio books, download a copy there. Here\u2019s what Booker found when he investigated the \u201chacking\u201d of the temperature data computer models: From \u201cThe Real Global Warming Disaster\u201d by Christopher Booker: (bold emphasis added) Nothing alerted us more to the curious nature of the global warming scare than the peculiar tactics used by the IPCC to promote its orthodoxy, brooking no dissent. More than once in its series of mammoth reports, the IPCC had been caught out in very serious attempts to rewrite the scientific evidence. The most notorious instance of this was the extraordinary prominence it gave in 2001 to the so-called \u2018hockey stick\u2019 graph, mysteriously produced by a relatively unknown young US scientist, which completely redrew the accepted historical record by purporting to show temperatures in the late twentieth century having shot upwards to a level far higher than had ever been known before. Although the \u2018hockey stick\u2019 was instantly made the central icon of the IPCC\u2019s cause, it was within a few years to become one of the most comprehensively discredited artefacts in the history of science. Similarly called into serious doubt was the reliability of some of the other temperature figures on which the IPCC based its case. Most notably these included those provided by NASA\u2019s Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS), run by Dr James Hansen, A1 Gore\u2019s closest scientific ally, which were one of the four official sources of temperature data on which the IPCC relied. These were shown to have been repeatedly \u2018adjusted\u2019, to suggest that temperatures had risen further and more steeply than was indicated by any of the other three main data-sources. \u2026Out of the blue in 1998 Britain\u2019s leading science journal Nature, long supportive of the warming orthodoxy, published a new paper on global temperature changes over the previous 600 years, back to 1400. Its chief author was Michael Mann, a young physicist-turned-climate scientist at the University of Massachusetts, who had only completed his PhD two years before. In 19 he and his colleagues published a further paper, based only on North America but extending their original findings over 10 years. Their computer model had enabled them to produce a new temperature graph quite unlike anything seen before. Instead of the previously familiar rises and falls, this showed the trend of average temperatures having gently declined through nine centuries, but then suddenly shooting up in the twentieth century to a level that was quite unprecedented. In Mann\u2019s graph such familiar features as the Mediaeval Warm Period and the Little Ice Age had simply vanished. All those awkward anomalies were shown as having been illusory. The only real anomaly which emerged from their studies was that sudden exponential rise appearing in the twentieth century, culminating in the \u2018warmest year of the millennium\u2019, 1998. As would eventually emerge, there were several very odd features about Mann\u2019s new graph, soon to be known as the \u2018hockey stick\u2019 because its shape, a long flattish line curving up sharply at the end, was reminiscent of the stick used in ice hockey. But initially none might have seemed odder than the speed with which this obscure study by a comparatively unknown young scientist came to be taken up as the new \u2018orthodoxy\u2019. So radically did the \u2018hockey stick\u2019 rewrite all the accepted versions of climate history that initially it carried all before it, leaving knowledgeable experts stunned. It was not yet clear quite how Mann had arrived at his remarkable conclusions, precisely what data he had used or what methods the IPCC had used to verify his findings. The sensational new graph which the IPCC made the centrepiece of its report had been sprung on the world out of left field. \u2026Yet when, over the years that followed, a number of experts from different fields began to subject Mann\u2019s two papers to careful analysis, some rather serious questions came to be asked about the basis for his study. For a start, although Mann and his colleagues had cited other evidence for their computer modelling of historical temperatures, it became apparent that they had leaned particularly heavily on \u2018proxy data\u2019 provided by a study five years earlier of tree-rings in ancient bristlecone pine trees growing on the slopes of California\u2019s Sierra Nevada mountains. \u2018Proxies\u2019 used to calculate temperature consist of data other than direct measurement, such as tree rings, stalactites, ice cores or lake sediments. According to the 1993 paper used by Mann, these bristlecone pines had shown significantly accelerated growth in the years after 1900. But the purpose of this original study had not been to research into past temperatures. As was made clear by its title \u2013 \u2018Detecting the aerial fertilisation effect of atmospheric C02 enrichment in tree-ring chronologies\u2019 \u2013 it had been to measure the effect on the trees\u2019 growth rate of the twentieth-century increase in C02 levels. Tree rings are a notoriously unreliable reflector of temperature changes, because they are chiefly formed during only one short period of the year, and cannot therefore give a full picture. This 1993 study of one group of trees in one untypical corner of the US seemed a remarkably flimsy basis on which to base an estimate of global temperatures going back 10 years. Then it transpired that, in order to show the twentieth-century section of the graph, the terrifying upward flick of temperatures at the end of the \u2018hockey stick\u2019, spliced in with the tree-ring data had been a set of twentieth-century temperature readings, as recorded by more than 2,0 weather stations across the earth\u2019s surface. It was these which more than anything helped to confirm the most dramatic conclusion of the study, that temperatures in the closing decades of the twentieth century had been shooting up to levels unprecedented in the history of the last 1,0 years, culminating in the \u2018warmest year of the millennium\u2019, 1998. Not only was it far from clear that, for this all-important part of the graph, two quite different sets of data had been used. Also accepted without qualification was the accuracy of these twentieth-century surface temperature readings. But the picture given by these was already being questioned by many expert scientists who pointed to evidence that readings from surface weather stations could become seriously distorted by what was known as the \u2018urban heat island effect\u2019. The majority of the thermometers in such stations were in the proximity of large and increasingly built-up population centres. It was well-established that these heated up the atmosphere around them to a significantly higher level than in more isolated locations. Nowhere was this better illustrated than by contrasting the temperature readings taken on the earth\u2019s surface with those which, since 1979, had been taken by NASA satellites and weather balloons, using a method developed by Dr Roy Spencer, responsible for climate studies at NASA\u2019s Marshall Space Centre, and Dr John Christie of the University of Alabama, Huntsville. Surprisingly, these atmospheric measurements showed that, far from warming in the last two decades of the twentieth century, global temperatures had in fact slightly cooled. As Spencer was at pains to point out, these avoided the distortions created in surface readings by the urban heat island effect. The reluctance of the IPCC to take proper account of this, he observed, confirmed the suspicion of \u2018many scientists involved in the process\u2019 that the IPCC\u2019s stance on global warming was \u2018guided more by policymakers and politicians than by scientists\u2019. What was also remarkable about the \u2018hockey stick\u2019, as was again widely observed, was how it contradicted all that mass of evidence which supported the generally accepted picture of temperature fluctuations in past centuries. As was pointed out, tree-rings are not the most reliable guide to assessing past temperatures. Scores of more direct sources of proxy evidence had been studied over the years, from Africa, South America, Australia, Pakistan, Antarctica, every continent and ocean of the world. Whether evidence was taken from lake sediments or ice cores, glaciers in the Andes or boreholes in every continent (Huang et ai, 1997), the results had been remarkably consistent in confirming that the familiar view was right. There had been a Little Ice Age, across the world. There had similarly been a Mediaeval Warm Period. Furthermore, a mass of data confirmed that the world had been even warmer in the Middle Ages than it was in 1998. The first comprehensive study to review this point was published in January 2003 by Dr Willie Soon and his colleague Dr Sallie Baliunas of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. They had examined 140 expert studies of the climate history of the past 1,0 years, based on every kind of data. Some had given their findings only in a local or regional context, others had attempted to give a worldwide picture. But between them these studies had covered every continent. The question the two researchers had asked of every study was whether or not it showed a \u2018discernible climate anomaly\u2019 at the time of (1) the Little Ice Age and (2) the Mediaeval Warm Period; and (3) whether it had shown the twentieth century to be the warmest time in the Millennium. Their conclusion was unequivocal. Only two of the studies they looked at had not found evidence for the Little Ice Age. Only seven of the 140 studies had denied the existence of a Mediaeval Warm Period, while 116 had confirmed it. On the crucial question of whether or not the twentieth century had been the warmest of the past thousand years, only 15 studies, including that of Mann himself, had unambiguously agreed that it was. The vast majority accepted that earlier centuries had been warmer. The conclusion of Soon and Baliunas was that \u2018Across the world, many records reveal that the twentieth century is probably not the warmest nor a uniquely extreme climatic period of the last millennium.\u2019 But if Mann and his colleagues had got the picture as wrong as this survey of the literature suggested, nothing did more to expose just how this might have come about than a remarkable feat of analysis carried out later in the same year by two Canadians and published in October 2003. (S. McIntyre and R. McKitrick, 2003, \u2018Corrections to the Mann et al. (1998) proxy databse and northern hemispheric average temperature series\u2019, Energy and Environment, 14, 752-771. In the analysis of McIntyre and McKitrick\u2019s work which follows, reference will also be made to their later paper, McIntyre and McKitrick, 2005b, \u2018The M &amp; M critique of the MBH98 Northern Hemisphere climate index, Update and applications\u2019, Energy and Environment, 16, 69-99, and also to McKitrick (2005), \u2018What is the \u201cHockey Stick\u201d debate about?\u2019, op. cit.) Stephen McIntyre, who began their study, was a financial consultant and statistical analyst specialising in the minerals industry, and was later joined by Ross McKitrick, a professor of economics at Guelph University. Neither made any pretensions to being a climate scientist, but where they did have considerable expertise was in knowing how computers could be used to play around with statistics. They were also wearily familiar with people using hockey sticklike curves, showing an exaggerated upward rise at the end, to sell a business prospect or to \u2018prove\u2019 some tendentious point. Intrigued by the shape of the IPCC\u2019s now famous \u2018hockey stick\u2019 graph, in the spring of 2003 McIntyre approached Mann and his colleagues to ask for a look at their original data set. \u2018After some delay\u2019, Mann \u2018arranged provision of a file which was represented as the one used\u2019 for his paper. But it turned out not to include \u2018most of the computer code used to produce their results\u2019. This suggested to McIntyre, who was joined later that summer by McKitrick, that no one else had previously asked to examine it, as should have been required both by peer-reviewers for the paper published in Nature and, above all, by the IPCC itself. (This account of the \u2018hockey stick\u2019 saga is based on several sources, in particular Ross McKitrick\u2019s paper already cited , \u2018What is the \u201chockey stick\u201d debate about?\u2019 (2005), and his evidence to the House of Lords Committee on Economic Affairs, \u2018The Economics of Climate Change\u2019, Vol. II, Evidence, 2005. See also David Holland, \u2018Bias and concealment in the IPCC Process: the \u201cHockey Stick\u201d affair and its implications\u2019 (2007), op. cit.) When McIntyre fed the data into his own computer, he found that it did not produce the claimed results. At the heart of the problem was what is known as \u2018principal component analysis\u2019, a technique used by computer analysts to handle a large mass of data by averaging out its components, weighting them by their relative significance. One of the first things McIntyre had discovered was that the \u2018principal component analysis\u2019 used by Mann could not be replicated. \u2018In the process of looking up all the data sources and rebuilding Mann\u2019s data set from scratch\u2019, he discovered \u2018quite a few errors concerning location labels, use of obsolete editions, unexplained truncations of various series etc.\u2019 (for instance, data reported to be from Boston, Mass., turned out to be from Paris, France, Central England temperature data had been truncated to leave out its coldest period, and so forth). But the real problem lay with the \u2018principal component analysis\u2019 itself. It turned out that an algorithm had been programmed into Mann\u2019s computer model which \u2018mined\u2019 for hockey stick shapes whatever data was fed into it. As McKitrick was later to explain, \u2018had the IPCC actually done the kind of rigorous review that they boast of they would have discovered that there was an error in a routine calculation step (principal component analysis) that falsely identified a hockey stick shape as the dominant pattern in the data. The flawed computer program can even pull out spurious hockey stick shapes from lists of trendless random numbers. \u2019 (McKitrick, House of Lords evidence, op. cit.) Using Mann\u2019s algorithm, the two men fed a pile of random and meaningless data (\u2018red noise\u2019) into the computer 10,0 times. More than 99 per cent of the time the graph which emerged bore a \u2018hockey stick\u2019 shape. They found that their replication of Mann\u2019s method failed \u2018all basic tests of statistical significance\u2019. When they ran the programme again properly, however, keeping the rest of Mann\u2019s data but removing the bristlecone pine figures on which he had so heavily relied, they found that the Mediaeval Warming once again unmistakably emerged. Indeed their \u2018major finding\u2019, according to McKitrick, was that Mann\u2019s own data confirmed that the warming in the fifteenth century exceeded anything in the twentieth century.44 One example of how this worked they later quoted was based on comparing two sets of data used by Mann for his second 19 paper, confined to proxy data from North America. One was drawn from bristlecone pines in western North America, the other from a tree ring chronology in Arkansas. In their raw state, the Californian series showed a \u2018hockey stick\u2019 shape; the other, typical of most North American tree ring series, showed an irregular but basically flat line with no final upward spurt. When these were put together, however, the algorithm emphasised the twentieth-century rise by giving \u2018390 times as much weight\u2019 to the bristlecone pines as to the trees from Arkansas.45 In other words, although Mann had used hundreds of tree ring proxies from all over North America, most showing a flattish line like that from Arkansas, the PCAs used to determine their relative significance had given enormously greater weight to those Californian bristlecones with their anomalous \u2018hockey stick\u2019 pattern. Furthermore, McIntyre and McKitrick found that Mann had been well aware that by removing the bristlecone pine data the \u2018hockey stick\u2019 shape of his graph would vanish, because he had tried it himself. One of the files they obtained from him showed the results of his own attempt to do this. The file was marked \u2018Censored\u2019 and its findings were nowhere mentioned in the published study. What, however, concerned McIntyre and McKitrick as much as anything else about this extraordinary affair was what it revealed about the methods of the IPCC itself. Why had it not subjected Mann\u2019s study to the kind of basic professional checks which they themselves had been able to carry out, with such devastating results? Furthermore, having failed to exercise any proper quality control, why had those at the top of the IPCC then gone out of their way to give such extraordinary prominence to \u2018the hockey stick data as the canonical representation of the earth\u2019s climate history. Due to a combination of mathematical error and a dysfunctional review process, they ended up promoting the exact wrong conclusion. How did they make such a blunder?\u2019 Continue reading The Real Global Warming Disaster by Christopher Booker (Continuum, 2009), available at BN.com, Amazon.com and Audible.com. Conclusion: The global warming \u201chockey stick\u201d is SCIENCE FRAUD What all this reveals, of course, is that the global warming \u201chockey stick\u201d is fake science. As Booker documents in his book, data were truncated (cut off) and software algorithms were altered to produce a hockey stick trend out of almost any data set, including random noise data. To call climate change \u201cscience\u201d is to admit your own gullibility to science fraud. The IPCC, it turns out, used science fraud to promote global warming and \u201cclimate change\u201d narratives, hoping no one would notice that the entire software model was essentially HACKED from the very beginning, deliberately engineered to produce the alarming temperature trend the world\u2019s bureaucrats wanted so they could terrorize the world into compliance with climate change narratives. The Russians didn\u2019t hack the 2016 election, in case you were wondering. But dishonest scientists really did hack the global warming modeling software to deceive the entire world and launch a whole new brand of climate change fascism that has now infected the minds of hundreds of millions of people across the planet. Everything they\u2019ve been told about climate change, it turns, out, was all based on a software hack. Courtesy of Natural News", "label": 1, "id": 189}
{"text": "Many Muslims are peaceful and tolerant, and it has become fashionable in the West to portray Islam as a peaceful and tolerant religion, even in the wake of terrorist attacks like the recent one in New York. But it's hard to buy into this charade when it comes to Muslim treatment of women under Sharia law. Plainly put, Sharia subjugates women in virtually every area of their lives. Hank Hanegraaff is president of the Christian Research Institute, and host of the national radio broadcast The Bible Answer Man. Allah's decrees enshrine inequality. Although Allah allows a husband to beat his wife, there is no provision in the Qur'an for a wife to beat her husband. Nor can she initiate a divorce. Only men can do so, and with relative ease. In \"Heretic,\" Ayaan Hirsi Ali explains the shackles of sharia for women, including \"the right of men to have unfettered sexual access to their wives, the right of men to practice polygamy, and the restriction of women's legal rights in divorce cases, in estate law, in cases of rape, in court testimony, and in consent to marriage.\" According to Sharia, women (and little girls) who are captives of war can be raped by their Muslim captors. But girls who have sex outside of marriage are flogged, and women who commit adultery are stoned. Two incidents almost 14 centuries apart show just how deeply the exploitation of women is ingrained In Sharia. In August 2014, after Muslim fighters captured Yazidi villages in the Sinjar region of northern Iraq, they executed the men and adolescent boys by spraying them with automatic-weapons fire. What happened to women and children might truly have been worse. As chronicled in the Islamic State on-line magazine \"Dabiq,\" \"After capture, the Yazidi women and children were then divided according to the Shar\u012b'ah amongst the fighters of the Islamic State who participated in the Sinjar operations, after one fifth of the slaves were transferred to the Islamic State's authority to be divided.\" Captives were sent \"to Syria or to other locations inside Iraq, where they were bought and sold for sex.\" According to a report in The New York Times, one of the captives, a 12-year-old Yazidi child, was raped by a devout Muslim fighter who \"took the time to explain that what he was about to do was not a sin. Because the preteen girl practiced a religion other than Islam, the Quran not only gave him the right to rape her - it condoned and encouraged it.\" Sadly, the victim was just one of countless thousands in the history of Islam. In 627, Muhammad and his fighters invaded the villages of the prosperous Banu Mustaliq Jewish tribe on the shores of the Red Sea. As with the Yazidis, the Jewish men and boys murdered by Muhammad and his Muslim hordes were spared the unthinkable atrocities their loved ones were about to suffer. In accordance with the law of Allah, many were raped, others sold as chattel. Muhammad, revered by Muslims the world over as the founder of their religion, took a Jewish woman as booty after having her husband and hundreds more men beheaded. Then he forced her on his bed and added her to his stable of wives and concubines. Though the Yazidi and Mustaliq atrocities bookend nearly 1,400 years of Islamic history, their treatment of female captives was virtually identical. Why? Because, as chronicled in \"Dabiq,\" what the Islamic State does in the 21st century is an authentic application of the teachings and practices of Muhammad. Ayaan Hirsi Ali tells the horrifying story of a 13-year-old girl in Somalia who was found guilty of adultery after reporting that she had been raped by three men. Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow - named after Muhammad's 9-year-old wife - was dragged, screaming and flailing, into a sports stadium in Kismayo to be stoned. \"It took four men to bury her up to her neck in the hole,\" Hirsi Ali wrote. \"Then fifty men spent ten minutes pelting her with rocks and stones. Then she was dug out of the ground and two nurses examined her to see if she was still alive. Someone found a pulse and breathing. Aisha was returned to the hole and the stoning continued.\" After she died, \"a local sheik told a radio station that Aisha had provided evidence, confirmed her guilt, and 'was happy with the punishment under Islamic law.'\" When will equality-minded Americans stand up for women's rights around the globe? Hank Hanegraaff is the author of \"MUSLIM: What You Need to Know about the World's Fastest-Growing Religion\" and the host of the \"Bible Answer Man\" radio broadcast and the \"Hank Unplugged\" podcast.", "label": 0, "id": 303}
{"text": "By FoxNews: City officials in Los Angeles have been trying to legalize street vending for years \u2014 L.A. is one of the few major cities where the practice is still illegal \u2014 but their efforts are finally gaining ground with local lawmakers. The reason for this hasty change of heart? Lawmakers are trying to stick it to President Trump and his immigration policies. According to NPR, many of the 50,0 street-vending operations in L.A. are currently run by immigrants, some of whom may be in the country illegally. So, in order to prevent U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement officials from having another reason to detain, arrest or deport vendors, the Los Angeles City Council is moving to legalize vendor operations across the city. To read rest of article visit FoxNews. No compatible source was found for this video. By Stephen Owsinski; OpsLens: Ever wake up and go on about your day as you please, without complying with laws or having to pay your fair share of taxes? Although a tax-free life is enticing, I firmly adhere to my patriotic duty as an American citizen investing in the United States by paying taxes. However, \u201csovereign citizens\u201d do not feel that way and opt to make up their own rules which, basically, refrain from playing by the rules whatsoever. A man in Washington County, Oregon did just that. He ignored our laws and thought he\u2019d be Scot-free of responsibility\u2026until a deputy sheriff got behind his pickup truck and saw his license plate. It read \u201cNo driver license or insurance required.\u201d You know how license plates have unique characters identifying the , like ABC-123? Well this sovereign citizen\u2019s vehicle license was to the point, displaying the special characters \u201cPRIVATE\u201d below which were the words \u201cNot for Commerce Use \u2013 Private Mode of Travel.\u201d Craftily, the license plate also had a logo depicting our shared planet, encircled by the words \u201cPeace on Earth\u2026Good Will Towards Men.\u201d No color scheme was used, only a black-on-white graphic design. Frankly, because it was so well designed, I am led to believe it was mass-produced for other sovereign citizens to tool around in their cars or trucks, doing as they please. Entitlements come in all shapes and forms; just ask any cop about the bizarre culture they encounter on the streets. For his role, Richard Leroy Garrison, 63, was arrested and charged with failure to carry and present a valid license and interfering with a peace officer. His vehicle bearing a fake license plate was impounded by Washington County cops. Why impounded? Since Garrison\u2019s vehicle was involved in the commission of a crime, law enforcement authorities reserve the right to tow said mode of transportation. Besides, every state\u2019s motor vehicle laws require that only properly registered cars be permitted to drive upon its public thoroughfares. Invalid license plates equates to an immobilized car, so towing is the remedy. It is customary protocol throughout the United States as it pertains to motor vehicle statutes and compliance with same. Like pay-to-play, only legitimate. Motor vehicle registration fees, surcharges and taxes fund the actual public roads motorists drive upon. So, a so-called sovereign citizen like Mr. Garrison is traversing roadways we paid for, exempting himself from highway maintenance. In his mind, it\u2019s that simple. This is not the first time a self-professed sovereign citizen motoring down a tax-payer funder public roadway was stopped by police and arrested for vehicle\u2019s attached license plate. I\u2019m not referring to a state-issued, legally sanctioned license plate with a minor expiration date violation. In most cases, that is a civil infraction resulting in nothing more than a ticket or warning to get it updated. I am referring to an artificial DIY license plate clandestinely manufactured by anti-government groups whose membership believes it does not have to comply with our nation\u2019s laws. These folks are not only anti-police\u2014although it is law enforcement officers who get to engage their subversive tendencies\u2014they are opposed to all-things-government. Self-proclaimed sovereign citizens go about their lives fully relinquishing the responsibility of social norms practiced and funded by law-abiding citizens. Adhering to all federal, state and local laws is not their cup of tea. Therefore, the Tea Party \u2013whose \u201cmission is to bring awareness to any issue which challenges the security, sovereignty, or domestic tranquility of our beloved nation, the United States of America\u201d\u2013 is definitely not in the cards for this bunch. So what exactly is a sovereign citizen and what are the philosophies, objectives, and membership all about? According to the FBI, sovereign citizens can be violent extremists. The FBI defines \u201csovereign citizens\u201d as \u201c domestic terrorism\u201d made of members who are deemed \u201canti-government extremists who believe that even though they physically reside in this country, they are separate or \u2018sovereign\u2019 from the United States. As a result, they believe they don\u2019t have to answer to any government authority, including courts, taxing entities, motor vehicle departments, or law enforcement.\u201d The perils are palpable. Our nation has experienced instances whereby some proclaiming sovereign citizenship had no pause before going up against and horrifically murdering police officials, exacting full-on gun battles. The FBI reports that sovereign citizens are a \u201c growing domestic threat to law enforcement,\u201d capable of violence and government subversion. At its core, sovereign citizenship holds jurisdictional indifference and believes the US operates without care or concern for its citizens. Hence, they go it alone, albeit illegally. Sovereign citizens can poke holes in our national security defenses as well as our country\u2019s stability. Be not fooled by statistics and verbiage claiming sovereign citizens are a loosely-knit group informally conducting their lives without any recognized leadership. In fact, federal intelligence agencies do not bill them as neither an anarchist group nor a militia, \u201calthough they sometimes buy and use illegal weapons.\u201d However informal they may be as a demographic, their belief system fuels the dangers they present. Spontaneous outbursts when stopped by police have culminated in volleys of bullets. Police training now includes how to deal with sovereign citizens, and law enforcement trainers indoctrinate street cops in optimal ways to handle these particular encounters. FBI reports indicate these folks are engaged in and finance themselves with white collar crimes such as mortgage fraud, counterfeit currency and money orders, credit fraud, identity theft, and false tax filings. Just as it is often said \u201cDriving is a privilege, not a right\u201d accorded by law, the allowance is never free. And that is the pulse of \u201csovereign citizen\u201d philosophy, that they do as they please without abiding by government\u2026to include (exclude) paying a fair share otherwise known as taxes. Given Mr. Garrison\u2019s age, I presume he listened to Frank Sinatra croon \u201cI Did It My Way.\u201d He may also have had the experience of listening to lyrics such as \u201cI Fought the Law and the Law Won.\u201d I bet getting his vehicle out of police impound will be an interesting feat for Mr. Garrison and others embracing the sovereign citizen belief system. Must be legal to roll on down the road, no ifs, ands or buts. Back to square one: \u201cMay I see your registration, please?\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 270}
{"text": "On November 7, starting around midnight Eastern Time, Twitter.com went down. The outage only lasted around 30-45 minutes, but users believe it had to do with WikiLeaks, the U.S. election, and a DDoS attack. Before the outage, WikiLeaks tweeted about #DNCLeak2, a release of 8263 new emails from the DNC. It seems to be true that #DNCLeak2was trending on Twitter before the blackout, but has since been removed from the trends list. A bit after the outage, the hashtag was added to the trends list once again. A screencap of Twitter\u2019s U.S. trends taken at 11:54 PM PST on November 6, 2016 (after the outage). The hashtag was missing when Twitter went back up, but it seems to be reinstated. (Twitter) Many are connecting the #DNCLeak2, which implied the Clintons were responsible for the killing of Vince Foster \u2014 whose death was ruled a suicide. Here are some twitter users\u2019 ideas on the subject: DDOS ATTACK BY GOV IN PROGRESS! THEY WILL DO THIS THRU ELECTION NIGHT! THEY DONT WANT US COMMUNICATING! STEALING ELECTION UNDER BLACK OUT! \u2014 Deplorable Jack! (@risetoflyy) November 7, 2016 Do you think Twitter was in on the outage? Do you think the NSA was involved? Leave your thoughts below!", "label": 0, "id": 255}
{"text": "Mr Sanders challenged Mrs Clinton in the Democratic primary campaign, gaining massive support from disenchanted Democrats who were not willing to support Mrs Clinton. Speaking to BBC Radio 4, Mr Sanders, a senator from Vermont, was asked whether he would have fared better against President-elect Trump than Mrs Clinton. \u201cThere are polls out that suggest that but the answer is you don\u2019t know, you really don\u2019t know,\u201d he told the Today programme. \u201cI would have loved to have had the opportunity. I think it is possible [that he could have won]. Bernie Sanders says he could have done better then Hillary Clinton \u201cHindsight is 20/20. I don\u2019t know.\u201d Pressed again on whether he would have proved a tougher challenge for Mr Trump, Mr Sanders continued to dodge the question. He repeated: \u201cI don\u2019t know.\u201d The 75-year-old then said it was important to note Hillary Clinton actually won the popular vote ahead of Mr Trump. While more people voted for the former Secretary of State, Mr Trump triumphed in the all-important electoral college, winning 290 electoral votes to Mrs Clinton\u2019s 232. In his new book, \u2018Our Revolution\u2019, Mr Sanders has called for a fundamental reassessment of the Democratic Party \u2013 which he believes has lost sight of its basic principles. Donald Trump as he makes his acceptance speech in New York following his victory to become he 45th president of the United States. Speaking to NPR Mr Sanders said: \u201cI think it\u2019s time for a fundamental reassessment and I think what that reassessment has got to entail is to understand that we cannot have a party that will win if we continue to become dependent on big money interests and campaign fundraisers all over this country.\u201d Discussing the shift of voters from Barack Obama to Donald Trump , Mr Sanders added: \u201cI think a lot of people who voted for Barack Obama in 2008, voted for Barack Obama in 2012, and who like Barack Obama, said \u2018You know what, I am going to go for Trump because he has been clear about feeling the pain of working families.\u201d Speaking to donors in a conference call following her defeat, Mrs Clinton said FBI Director James Comey had played a crucial role in her defeat. She said the FBI\u2019s investigations into emails linked to her had halted momentum she had built up following numerous sexual assault allegations which had been levelled against Mr Trump. Mrs Clinton also claimed the investigations \u201cfired up\u201d Trump supporters.", "label": 0, "id": 415}
{"text": "Shahs of Sunset Recap With a tumultuous and long-standing feud between Reza Farahan and Golnesa \u201cGG\u201d Gharachedaghi finally resolved, the Shahs of Sunset can get back to more important things, like peace in the Middle East. Just how does a Shah go about tackling the task that has eluded generations of people worldwide? By throwing a politically incorrect party, of course! Reza and Mike Shouhed nurse their hangovers at lunch, while they recover from Shervin Rpoohparvar\u2019s Malibu party the night before. Mike never went to bed and when Mercedes \u201cMJ\u201d Javid shows up, it looks like she hasn\u2019t either\u2026.for days. Talk turns from being hungover to how much Mike\u2019s family means to him and that includes family in Israel that he hasn\u2019t seen in over ten years. Hey, wouldn\u2019t it be \u201cthe dope-est\u201d if all of the Shahs went to Israel too? Apparently so, according to Reza. He is looking to connect with the Jewish side of his life via a posh vacation with his friends. When they try and get MJ on board, she initially balks, saying she doesn\u2019t want to leave her father while he is sick. But she quickly realizes that she needs a break from her stressful life and I guess another cast trip with this bunch of hooligans is something she might find relaxing. She thrives in chaos after all! shahs-of-sunset-recap (3) A very pregnant Asa Soltan Rahmati takes a break from talking about her pregnancy to go kaftan boutique hunting with her family. Just kidding, she is still talking about it, saying that her family business is even more important now that there is another family member on the way. And everyone knows you can only sell kaftans out of a non-working refrigerator for so long before you have to upgrade to a ramshackled store front, which is exactly what Asa is doing. The landlord (and old friend of Asa\u2019s) shows up in his landlord-y best, which includes a sundress, pink tights, rainbow wig, and nipple eyelashes, that he immediately shows off to everyone. Is this included in the rent? Never mind that, Asa has some sage to burn and twirls of happiness to make around the space so that it is cleansed and ready to sell kaftans. GG and thousands of her hair extensions are putting good things out in the universe and you know what that means \u2013 good things are coming back. Things like walking in a tacky sequined romper down a runway for some designer no one has ever heard of, I guess? Clearly, she must be friends with this designer and clearly, there is a shortage of eligible models for fashion week in L.A. because why else would someone risk having their clothes ripped off incredible hulk style, mid-catwalk if something doesn\u2019t go Lochnessa\u2019s way? I guess only time (and one fashion show) will tell. Reza is shopping for his \u201cGaza Strip, Israeli, Palestine, Peace in the Middle East\u201d party and guys, I cannot stress for the life of me the importance of quotations in this recap. These are Reza\u2019s words, not mine. With that disclaimer out of the way, back to culturally insensitive shopping, y\u2019all! Destiney, who is off the People\u2019s Couch and a supporting cast member now, shows up to help with the decorations. If this is anything like Mike\u2019s party, Reza should know this isn\u2019t a good idea but then again, Reza isn\u2019t known for being classy when it comes to d\u00e9cor. He also isn\u2019t known for being culturally sensitive but he explains that being a refugee from a war-torn country, where you can be hung for being gay, leaves him with a desire to poke fun at it as a way of coping with his feelings. He invites Destiney to the Israel trip since husband Adam Neely can\u2019t come due to better judgment work. Destiney also likes \u201cdope\u201d things and taking a trip to Israel is one of them, so she happily accepts. shahs-of-sunset-recap (5) MJ, despite not being married, has some marital advice for all of us: you must date your husband until the day you die. I have some marital advice for MJ: you must marry a man for him to qualify as your husband. But my advice aside, MJ saying date nights are about romance and making sure your man knows that you still want to have sex. And how does one send up a smoke signal that you want to have a baby with said man? If you\u2019re MJ, you simply tell him \u201ceff it, I want to get ovulation strip and get pregnant.\u201d If you\u2019re fianc\u00e9 Tommy Feight, your response is something along the lines of surprise, then a brief mention of being more responsible adults before bringing a child into this world, then saying let\u2019s go for it. MJ reasons that Salma Hayek and Halle Berry did it, so why can\u2019t she? I don\u2019t have the answer to that but my guess would be that neither Salma nor Halle lived in a dirty, one bedroom apartment with no running water. That certainly wouldn\u2019t preclude you from having a baby but it might make child rearing a little easier, don\u2019t you think? With a big bite into a Korean BBQ rib, Tommy says he\u2019s in and vows to stop and get ovulation test strips on the way home. At L.A. Fashion Week, GG (not to be confused with Gigi, an actual supermodel), has arrived to the show and is already swigging champagne and ordering around hair and makeup like she\u2019s been a horrible person all her life. Oh, wait\u2026she has! Shervin comes to support her but can\u2019t manage to even have a conversation, thanks to all the naked models in the room. Within minutes of arriving, GG\u2019s mood gets darker than her raccoon eye makeup after seeing Janice Dickinson, one of the world\u2019s first supermodels, wearing the tacky sequined romper SHE was supposed to be wearing! GG is about to throw some murderous vibes into the universe and snaps at the designer to get \u201cthat old a** b**ch another outfit\u201d. Reza and Adam arrive just in time to see this and obviously, can\u2019t get enough. Shervin is oblivious because, boobs. Finally, GG takes a deep breath and says \u201cfine\u201d to another equally ugly sequined outfit and the team puts the finishing touches to her glamorous roadkill look. shahs-of-sunset-recap (6) With Lochnessa contained, Reza decides to invite Shervin on their trip to Israel and Shervin takes a pass, saying it would negatively affect some of his business relationships. Reza is confused and doesn\u2019t understand why everyone just can\u2019t join him in feeling \u201cJew-y,\u201d while GG can\u2019t understand why she would want to go somewhere where they want to bomb Palestinians. Reza waives off her statement and a symbolic champagne bottle pops loudly in the background, startling them all. Reza is still trying to get everyone on board and thinks exclaiming \u201ceff Iran\u201d out of frustration will do it. GG is offended but doesn\u2019t really have time to discuss it further since she has a catwalk to go trip down. MJ has escalated pretty quickly on the baby fever scale and is already making Tommy pinky swear he won\u2019t masturbate anymore. Her plan is to get knocked up and then have a legal wedding ceremony so her babies won\u2019t be \u201cbastards.\u201d Oh MJ, if only anyone could take your idiotic morals to heart, but it\u2019s so hard when you can\u2019t even figure out how an ovulation test works. I know, it\u2019s hard to read directions and pee on something without your fianc\u00e9 standing over you to help, but I promise, it\u2019s not nearly as hard as taking care of a baby, married or not. Maybe Salma and Halle are just better at reading directions. Despite almost clawing Janice Dickinson\u2019s face off at the fashion show, GG is transitioning to a calmer, happier person and that means clearing the toxic energy out of her life. Or, what normal people would call, moving. Shervin and Annalise come over to help and thankfully, there are no naked models in the room so Shervin can remain focused. They quickly find out that GG isn\u2019t just harboring toxic energy in her apartment but boxes of old blow up donuts she used to sit on after her butt implant surgery. Mike arrives and it turns out, his moving company is in charge of moving all the furniture and butt donut boxes. Yes, Mike opened a moving company and he says it\u2019s not sexy but it\u2019s a solid investment in a business because you can\u2019t replace movers with robots. I didn\u2019t know you could replace shoes with robots either so not sure why that business got tossed aside but whatever. Mike doesn\u2019t even bother to wear his own shoe line to help move and is quickly complaining about scuffing up his new Adidas. Shahs of Sunset Recap The night of Reza\u2019s big party and everyone is going all out in costume. MJ gets ready eating fried rice in her bathroom while getting her makeup done. At the party house, Reza and Adam arrive, dressed in full Orthodox Rabbi costumes. Reza muses that since he is more in tune with the Jewish side of his religion, he hopes he can wear the outfit without being disrespectful. In his next breath, he is showing off his \u201csexy burqa bitches,\u201d who are there to entertain and serve the party goers in headscarves and sequined bikinis. Mike arrives as Moses, Asa arrives as\u2026pregnant, but claims she is world peace, simply because she draped a white scarf that\u2019s painted with a peace sign around her stomach. MJ is in a skin tight skeleton costume with side boob and Shervin comes in an orange suit, saying he\u2019s an immigrant from the seventies. GG arrives in a full burqa and dark sunglasses, all which make it impossible for her to get drunk quickly. GG still isn\u2019t sold on going to Israel and when Reza asks, Shervin also expresses concerns about being welcomed. Mike promises that Israel is very accepting, but GG pushes back again, saying they are not of Muslims. It starts to get a little heated but GG\u2019s real issue is Reza\u2019s comment to \u201ceff Iran.\u201d In a surprising twist, Reza immediately apologizes, explaining that he loves everything about Iran but the government. Asa tries to bring resolution to the conversation by reminding everyone how important it is that they respect each other\u2019s journey. That\u2019s enough for GG to fully get on board and agree to go to Israel so she celebrates by grinding on Mike, proving that all you need is love and a little dry humping to make the world a better place. TELL US \u2013 WERE YOU OFFENDED BY REZA\u2019S COMMENTS? Photo Credit: Bravo Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 172}
{"text": "Oh. My. God.: Scientists Now Say That \"Natural\" Changes in Climate Will Offset \"Global Warming\" in Next Ten Years, But Nevermnind the Fact That It's Colder, We Still Have To Destroy the Industrialized Economy to Forestall Ecopalypse Vic We Have No Party: \"We are missing something from that hospital bill f .\" LeftCoast Dawg: \"What is said at Bruce Ohr's behind doors testimony .\" Case Zzyzx: \"Max Kellerman. ESPN still has an asshole to d .\" Sponge: \"[i] One simply has to ask for how long was Juan t .\" Laughing in Texas: \"Good morning, horde! .\" Mikey NTH - McCain Funeral Blowout! Senator Maverick Action Figures at the Outrage Outlet!: \"It is always more fun minding other people's busin .\" MAGA: \"Daily Caller has an article up that the Chinese pu .\" Eric Hartman: \"I see PDT had to restore the White House flag to h .\" Blutarski: \"The Romanian twitter is awesome. Also, Kathy Ir .\" Forgot My Nic [/i]: \" [i]The plastic straw myth was a class project of .\" Krebs v Carnot: Epic Battle of the Cycling Stars (TM) [/b][/i][/s][/u]: \"[i] 28 This just in, John McCain is still dead. .\" illiniwek: \"A few more Rs in the Senate might help a few thing .\" One Handed Typing Morning Report Monday Overnight Open Thread (8/27/18 ) Could This Possibly Be Real? Get Woke, Get Fired: ESPN Severs Ties With Jemele Hill Jacksonville Madden Tournament Shooter Had a History of Being Hospitalized for Mental Illness; Prescribed Anti-Psychotic Medication Eli Lilly Pulls Sponsorship of Conor Daly's NASCAR Team, Due to Racist Slur His Father Used a Decade Before He Was Even Born Kurt Schlichter: It's Time to Purge the #FakeNews Conservatives Official Twitter Ruling: Saying That Dana Loesch's Children Must be Murdered to \"Make Her Understand\" Does Not Violate Twitter's Rules Trump Strikes Preliminary Deal with Mexico on Trade; Stock Market Jumps Pope Francis: No Comment About Whether I Reinstated a Cardinal Had I Been Warned Was Guilty of Serious Sexual Improprieties; Let's Talk About The Trip I'm Taking Primary Document: The Audio Paul Anka Haiku Contest Announcement Integrity SAT's: Entrance Exam for Paul Anka's Band AllahPundit's Paul Anka 45's Collection AnkaPundit: Paul Anka Takes Over the Site for a Weekend (Continues through to Monday's postings) George Bush Slices Don Rumsfeld Like an F*ckin' Hammer Democratic Forays into Erotica New Shows On Gore's Network Nicknames for Potatoes, By People Who Really Hate Potatoes Star Wars Euphemisms for Self-Abuse Signs You're at an Iraqi \"Wedding Party\" Signs Your Clown Has Gone Bad Signs That You, Geroge Michael, Should Probably Just Give It Up Signs of Hip-Hop Influence on John Kerry NYT Headlines Spinning Bush's Jobs Boom Things People Are More Likely to Say Than \"Did You Hear What Al Franken Said Yesterday?\" Signs that Paul Krugman Has Lost His Frickin' Mind All-Time Best NBA Players, According to Senator Robert Byrd Other Bad Things About the Jews, According to the Koran Signs That David Letterman Just Doesn't Care Anymore Examples of Bob Kerrey's Insufferable Racial Jackassery Signs Andy Rooney Is Going Senile Other Judgments Dick Clarke Made About Condi Rice Based on Her Appearance Collective Names for Groups of People John Kerry's Other Vietnam Super-Pets Cool Things About the XM8 Assault Rifle Media-Approved Facts About the Democrat Spy Changes to Make Christianity More \"Inclusive\" Secret John Kerry Senatorial Accomplishments John Edwards Campaign Excuses John Kerry Pick-Up Lines Changes Liberal Senator George Michell Will Make at Disney Torments in Dog-Hell The Ace of Spades HQ Sex-for-Money Skankathon A D&amp;D Guide to the Democratic Candidates Margaret Cho: Just Not Funny More Margaret Cho Abuse Margaret Cho: Still Not Funny Iraqi Prisoner Claims He Was Raped. By Woman Wonkette Announces \"Morning Zoo\" Format John Kerry's \"Plan\" Causes Surrender of Moqtada al-Sadr's Militia World Muslim Leaders Apologize for Nick Berg's Beheading Michael Moore Goes on Lunchtime Manhattan Death-Spree Milestone: Oliver Willis Posts 400th \"Fake News Article\" Referencing Britney Spears Liberal Economists Rue a \"New Decade of Greed\" Artificial Insouciance: Maureen Dowd's Word Processor Revolts Against Her Numbing Imbecility Intelligence Officials Eye Blogs for Tips They Done Found Us Out, Cletus: Intrepid Internet Detective Figures Out Our Master Plan Shock: Josh Marshall Almost Mentions Sarin Discovery in Iraq Leather-Clad Biker Freaks Terrorize Australian Town When Clinton Was President, Torture Was Cool What Wonkette Means When She Explains What Tina Brown Means Wonkette's Stand-Up Act Wankette HQ Gay-Rumors Du Jour Here's What's Bugging Me: Goose and Slider My Own Micah Wright Style Confession of Dishonesty Outraged \"Conservatives\" React to the FMA An On-Line Impression of Dennis Miller Having Sex with a Kodiak Bear The Story the Rightwing Media Refuses to Report! Our Lunch with David \"Glengarry Glen Ross\" Mamet The House of Love: Paul Krugman A Michael Moore Mystery (TM) The Dowd-O-Matic! Liberal Consistency and Other Myths Kepler's Laws of Liberal Media Bias John Kerry-- The Splunge! Candidate \"Divisive\" Politics &amp; \"Attacks on Patriotism\" (very long) The Donkey (\"The Raven\" parody)", "label": 0, "id": 64}
{"text": "Hours after the deadliest shooting in U.S. history, former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton tweeted a statement attacking the NRA. Clinton asked followers to \u201cput politics aside\u201d and \u201cstand up to the NRA\u201d. Her message came shortly after the devastating Las Vegas massacre that left more than 50 dead and 200 injured. Our grief isn't enough. We can and must put politics aside, stand up to the NRA, and work together to try to stop this from happening again. \u2014 Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2017 Clinton wrote, \u201cThe crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get.\u201d A bill introduced earlier this year by Republican Jeff Duncan, frames the issue as a public health matter, saying that gun owners risk suffering hearing damage without access to silencers. Her response, which also called for a change in access to firearms, contrasted President Donald Trump\u2019s response: My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2017 Gun rights was a major issue between the two candidates during last year\u2019s election. Trump called himself a defender of gun rights and the Second Amendment, while Clinton called for \u201ccommon sense\u201d regulations on who was able to buy weapons and the need for background checks. The NRA endorsed Trump in the election. Former Vice President Joe Biden also called on Congress to \u201cact now to save lives.\u201d How long do we let gun violence tear families apart? Enough. Congress &amp; the WH should act now to save lives. There's no excuse for inaction. \u2014 Joe Biden (@JoeBiden) October 2, 2017 Connecticut\u2019s senators, who have pushed for tighter gun control ever since the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, were also quick to issue statements Monday. \u201cNowhere but America do horrific large-scale mass shootings happen with this degree of regularity,\u201d Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., said in a statement. \u201cThis must stop. It is positively infuriating that my colleagues in Congress are so afraid of the gun industry that they pretend there aren\u2019t public policy responses to this epidemic. There are, and the thoughts and prayers of politicians are cruelly hollow if they are paired with continued legislative indifference. It\u2019s time for Congress to get off its ass and do something.\u201d The primary suspect, Stephen Paddock of Mesquite, Nev., was found dead in his room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel and casino, where he had at least 10 rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition. Join over 240,0 people who get the most important news stories and the best shopping deals from Heavy \u2013 Delivered right to your inbox.", "label": 0, "id": 267}
{"text": "THURROCK Muslim community gathered to show their solidarity with victims of Manchester attack. A large number of Muslims gathered in Grays from around Thurrock to pray for the victims of this vicious attack. Mr. Abu Khayor and Qaisar Abbas on behalf of Thurrock Muslim community said \u201cWe strongly condemn this coward attack on innocent people. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their families. The Thurrock Muslim community stands united in the face of those who seek to harm and divide us. We also pay tribute to our emergency services, police, and volunteers who worked tirelessly to save lives.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 503}
{"text": "No purchase necessary to enter. Void Where Prohibited By Law. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Google, Amazon or Stanley. All participant information is being provided to dealmaxx.net By entering this sweepstakes you will be added to the \u2018dealmaxx deal alert\u2019 and the \u2018freebiealert daily\u2019. You are not obligated to remain on either of these email lists in order to win this prize. All participant information is being provided to dealmaxx.net. Check out the Stanley 65-Piece Homeowner\u2019s Tool Kit on Amazon", "label": 0, "id": 78}
{"text": "When the constitution was being forged, there was much discussion about what exactly the nation was to be. Some wanted only the loosest of connections between the states, with states being more like individual nations and the Federal Government being little more than a common union, agreeing to join together to protect from outside forces that would attempt to harm any state. When the northern states decided that slavery was to be illegal, southern states were concerned about how they would continue to run their plantations. The issue of \"states rights\" was one of the largest concerns during the time before the civil war broke out. Southern states wanted to decide for themselves if slavery was to be legal, not letting northern states make such decisions for them. People from the north found the practice to be so reprehensible that they wanted to force the south to stop the practice. While slavery was a significant reason for the civil war, States Rights divided the nation and the defeat of states rights was a significant blow to the efforts of the original founders of the constitution. 19 people found this useful", "label": 0, "id": 118}
{"text": "Former President Barack Obama has reportedly been called to serve jury duty next month, according to The Chicago Tribune. On Friday, Chief Judge Tim Evans reportedly told county commissioners during a budget hearing that Obama had not only been called for jury duty in Cook County, but that he was also planning on serving it, according to the Tribune. \u201cHe made it crystal-clear to me through his representative that he would carry out his public duty as a citizen and resident of this community,\u201d Evans later told the newspaper. \u201cObviously, we will make certain that he has all the accoutrements that accompany a former president,\u201d Evans continued. \u201cHis safety will be uppermost in our minds.\u201d Last week, Obama joined forces with the four other living former United States presidents to host a relief concert to aid victims of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. The event, \u201cDeep From the Heart: The One America Appeal,\u201d was held at Texas A&amp;M and featured performances by Sam Moore, Yolanda Evans, Lyle Lovett and a special guest appearance from Lady Gaga \u2014 and it apparently also featured a little comedy from George W. Bush. Jimmy Carter (left), George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush, Barack Obama and Bill Clinton After all five former presidents took the stage at the event, Bill Clinton stepped to the mic to deliver remarks. Meanwhile, behind him, the younger Bush made an unknown comment to Obama out of the corner of his mouth, prompting his predecessor to break into laughter. Obama quickly stifled his laughter as Bush smiled and shot him a couple of sideways looks. While Bush\u2019s remark was sadly inaudible to the rest of us, Stephen Colbert stepped up to offer some guesses at what he said during Monday\u2019s episode of The Late Show. Cueing up a clip from the concert and doing his best Dubya impression, Colbert quipped, \u201cHey, were you born in Kenya?\u201d Another option: \u201cTwenty bucks if you pants Clinton right now.\u201d Or perhaps Bush said, \u201cYo, real quick \u2014 where\u2019s Puerto Rico?\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 235}
{"text": "Source: giphy By Tom. During the Hindustan Times Leadership Summit in New Delhi on Friday, former President Barack Obama threw some expert-level shade President Donald Trump's way. As the world knows, Trump can't tear himself away from Twitter. He seems to thrive on approval, especially on social media. So imagine how it burns that Obama has twice as many followers as Trump. In a conversation with journalist Karan Thapar, Obama said: And look, I've got 100 million Twitter followers. I mean, I actually have more than other people who use it more often.", "label": 0, "id": 435}
{"text": "Steve Bannon is on the warpath, continuing his mission to drain the swamp. This is hardly a new revelation. Long before President Trump was a glint in the Tea Party\u2019s eye, the Breitbart News chairman was hard at work laying the foundation to what would be a dominating force in Republican politics at the intersection of Conservatism, Libertarianism and Populism \u2013 promoting the likes of Sarah Palin, Ted Cruz and Rand Paul to national prominence. The former Chief White House Strategist is fresh off stumping for firebrand jurist Roy Moore, who claimed a decisive victory against Sen. Luther Strange \u2013 a swamp varmint appointed under dubious circumstances to fill Attorney General Jeff Sessions\u2019 vacated Alabama Senate seat. Bannon\u2019s influence in the Alabama blowout has many wondering what\u2019s next for the populist rabble-rouser. CNN\u2019s Dana Bash reports the political tactician is setting his sights on the 2018 midterms, crisscrossing the country in search of populist candidates to remake the Republican Party, and blackballing swamp creatures who refuse to be drained. From CNN: \u201cThe populist movement is going to do a house cleaning of all those individuals that made a living off the conservative grassroots while stabbing them in the back,\u201d a source familiar with Bannon\u2019s thinking tells CNN. Bannon is beginning that effort by trying to blackball GOP campaign strategist Jeff Roe, who worked for Sen. Luther Strange, who lost Tuesday\u2019s primary to Roy Moore. Bannon is spreading the word that he believes Roe is responsible for dirty tactics against Moore, and alleging that Roe worked with President Donald Trump\u2019s son-in-law and White House adviser Jared Kushner to mislead Trump about the state of the race in Alabama in and around Trump\u2019s endorsement of Strange. [\u2026] Following his speech at Moore\u2019s victory rally Tuesday night where Bannon credited \u201cthe people\u201d with the victory, he vowed to help the populist wing of the GOP win other Senate battles in 2018. To that end, he flew from Alabama to Colorado to begin recruiting western candidates to run against Republican incumbents\u2026. Bannon also plans to head back down south to have meetings with those who may want to run in Tennessee for the seat Sen. Bob Corker announced he will vacate, and in Mississippi, to challenge sitting Republican Sen. Roger Wicker. Bannon\u2019s rage against crony capitalism has already electrified the base, striking fear in the hearts of the ivory tower establishment who have enriched themselves on the backs of average Americans. As a former Goldman Sachs banker who grew disillusioned with their strong-arm tactics, Bannon witnessed the decimation of the working middle class, as Wall St. firms facilitated the largest betrayal of Americans in history while creating a looming debt bubble which could still lead to systemic collapse. Bannon\u2019s unique purview of high-level greed is potent, and his disgust towards establishment is fueled in large part by the incestuous revolving door between DC and Wall Street. Bannon witnessed first hand how Goldman Sachs, once a monastery to the ambitious investment banker, became The Black House. As President Trump and Steve Bannon, two of the Right\u2019s most influential figures today continue to remake the Republican Party, an important question arises; In whose image will the future of the Conservative movement be cast? At first glance, Trumpism and Bannonism bear many similarities. Rooted in right-wing populism and traditionalism alike, both ideologies seek to shift the center of power from Corporate America back to the American worker. Both men believe the elite have benefited disproportionately from globalization, while hallowing out a once prosperous middle class in the process. And both Trump and Bannon have furiously railed against a swamp that has profited handsomely from endless spillage of blood and treasure abroad, while cities at home suffer from racial and economic tensions stoked by the Obama administration. In short, both Trump and Bannon see that the world is suffering from systemic division orchestrated at the highest levels, and Western cultures are actively being destroyed under the false pretense of humanitarianism and open-border politics. Finally, in order to preserve America\u2019s borders, language and culture, both men believe an impenetrable wall must be built to prevent illegal aliens from breaching the nation\u2019s geography. That\u2019s where the similarities between Trumpism and Bannonism end. A key difference, if not the difference between Trump and his former chief strategist, is the President\u2019s penchant for compromise and dealmaking, while Bannon is far less malleable in his beliefs. Where Trumpism fails the ideological purity test \u2013 which risks alienating his base, Bannonism is brimming with the very civic nationalism that led to Trump\u2019s win. Herein lies the rub for Trump voters \u2013 the commander-in-chief has demonstrated a very \u2018swamp-like\u2019 flexibility on matters ranging from healthcare to immigration, leaving Trump\u2019s most oft-repeated campaign promises on the cutting room floor. In September, for example, President Trump shocked Washington by announcing a tentative framework to work with Democratic leadership on DACA and the looming budget crisis. Washington Times reports: President Trump and Democratic leaders on Wednesday did what Washington does best: striking a bipartisan deal to boost borrowing and spending, keeping the government running into the next fiscal year and speeding disaster relief to Texas and Florida. Mr. Trump accepted the deal offered by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer at a White House meeting, seeing it as a chance to get ahead of a series of pressing fiscal problems that needed to be fixed this month. But the agreement blindsided Republican leaders, including House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, who just hours earlier called Democrats\u2019 proposal \u201cridiculous and disgraceful.\u201d For some reason, however, Trump\u2019s most vocal opponents on the right didn\u2019t seem to be caught off guard by his \u201cdeal,\u201d with a smirking Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi, as \u2018Never-Trumpers\u2019 have long warned that the President was nothing more than a chameleon who couldn\u2019t be trusted to prosecute the Republican agenda. According to Schumer, President Trump even suggested against building the border wall between the U.S. and Mexico \u2013 a move which would be seen by Trump\u2019s loyal base as the ultimate betrayal. Breitbart News reports: This week on the \u201cPod Save America\u201d podcast, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) detailed the debt ceiling and Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) policy negotiations he had with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and President Donald Trump earlier in the month. Schumer said, \u201cOn DREAMers, he said, you know, that he understood that they didn\u2019t come in through any fault of their own, that they\u2019re good Americans, good kids. And then he said he wants the wall in return. And we said \u2018No. No wall, Mr. President.\u2019 And he tried that for about 15 minutes, but he\u2019s not going to push me around verbally or any other way.\u201d He added, \u201cAnd he finally said, \u201cOK, we won\u2019t do the wall. We\u2019ll do some other kind of border security.\u201d Was such an offer ever made by Trump? One may never know, and thus exists the problem. Under Bannon\u2019s more hard-line economic nationalism, claims of Trump wavering would have been branded as nothing more than propaganda from the left. Instead, an increasingly malleable Trump is disappointing even his most ardent supporters. Bannon\u2019s endgame Steve Bannon\u2019s refusal to bend the knee to deep-state establishmentarians would betray his mission; elect enough Populist Conservatives to Congress to successfully implement the MAGA agenda in earnest \u2013 reshaping the country to such a degree that even if a Democrat manages to win the presidency, Populism and Economic Nationalism continue to dominate the political spectrum \u2013 restoring faith in government among the abandoned middle class. Bannonism, by its very nature, views compromise with the establishment as a last resort. This approach appeals to Trump\u2019s base, who went to the polling booths to actively resist threats to National Security, the economy, and the American way of life. Alas, it\u2019s clear that the desires of American conservatives have fallen on tone-deaf ears. One need look no further than the Alabama Senate race \u2013 which saw Trump flagrantly abandon his base by supporting deep-state candidate Luther Strange over Bannon-supported economic nationalist Roy Moore. And instead of rallying behind the MAGA candidate, traditionally pro-establishment conservative outlets were more concerned with optics than substance. National Review\u2019s Reihan Salam, for example, seemed to be disproportionately concerned that Moore would provide CNN with endless soundbytes and fodder. \u201cWhen I look at Roy Moore, I see someone who is clearly apocalyptic, and I don\u2019t see anything else to him, and I think that it\u2019s bad news for the GOP. It\u2019s great, great news for CNN, the Washington Post and every big mainstream news media outlet that will cover every single one of his utterances,\u201d complained Salam in the latest edition of The Editors, a podcast led by National Review\u2019s Charles C.W. Cooke and Rich Lowry. The concern is embryonic of the neurosis plaguing the establishment (and like it or not, a powerful subset of the Conservative movement). They actually care what the talking heads on CNN think. Meanwhile, every-day American conservatives have stopped trusting the Very Fake News network. Perhaps it\u2019s high time Republican elites follow suit. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 167}
{"text": "Show Caption While President Donald Trump is attempting to fulfill his campaign promise to reduce illegal immigration, some young adults who were raised in America are fearing deportation. Among those who could be deported is Jesus Contreras, a 23-year-old paramedic who worked six-straight days last week, rescuing fellow Houston-area residents from the flooding left behind from Hurricane Harvey. Contreras told NBC News last week that his family came to the United States when he was age 6. His family wanted to escape what he described as a \"violent situation\" in his hometown of Nuevo Laredo. After six exhausting days of saving lives, Contreras learned on Friday that Trump was considering ending DACA. DACA protects a group of 800,0 American residents from deportation. Those 800,0 young undocumented immigrants were those who entered the United States as a child and have been in the United States since 2007. Those who qualify under DACA are given two-year work permits, which allows them to stay in the United States with some legal status. \"We just got hit by a hurricane here \u2014 and now we're getting hit by another storm, an even bigger one,\" Contreras told NBC News on Friday. The threat of getting deported made it more challenging for first responders during Harvey, Contreras told the Houston Chronicle. \"People were scared that boats from U.S. immigration services were out there,\" Contreras told the Chronicle. \"People weren't sure if they were trying to round up people from the water and take them straight to the immigration center.\" On Tuesday, Trump is expected to announce that DACA will come to an end in six months. The six months give a deeply divided Republican-held Congress an opportunity to do something it has struggled to do: Immigration reform. While Trump was on the campaign trail, he promised to end DACA. But since being elected, Trump said that those under DACA \"shouldn't worry.\" In the meantime, people like Contreras continue to go to work not knowing how many days they have left in America. \"These are families just like anybody else,\" Contreras told NBC News. \"We're as American as can be.\" Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top", "label": 0, "id": 453}
{"text": "Donald Trump defended past disparaging remarks about women during Thursday\u2019s GOP debate, saying he doesn\u2019t have time for \u201ctotal political correctness\u201d and that oftentimes he\u2019s just kidding. \u201cYou've called women you don't like fat pigs, dogs, slobs and disgusting animals,\u201d Fox News debate moderator Megyn Kelly told Trump. \u201cDoes that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president,\u201d she added. Trump said those comments were directed at TV personality Rosie O\u2019Donnell, who has publicly feuded with Trump in the past. \u201cI think the big problem this country has is being politically correct. I've been challenged by so many people and I don't frankly have time for total political correctness and to be honest with you this country doesn't have time either,\u201d Trump shot back to cheers. \u201cFrankly what I say and oftentimes it's fun, it's kidding, we have a good time,\u201d Trump added.", "label": 0, "id": 282}
{"text": "POLK COUNTY, Fla. - People with active warrants in one Florida county might want to think twice about heading to a shelter for Hurricane Irma. HURRICANE IRMA | Real-time tracking maps, Hurricane supply kit info &amp; Hurricane Center IMPORTANT LINKS Hurricane Supply Kit Checklist | Things to know before the storm | Preparations for your pets | Power outage maps &amp; resources | Know your evacuation zone | Price gouging: How to protect yourself and report it | Insurance protection: Video tape home inventory | Tampa Bay sandbag locations | Find a hurricane shelter near you | Hurricane Irma Emergency Phone Numbers Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd posted on his official Twitter account Wednesday that deputies will be checking identification at the county's shelters, and anyone with a warrant will be arrested and taken to \"the safe and secure shelter called the Polk County Jail.\" Judd also posted that sex offenders and sex predators would not be admitted to the shelters. Sheriff's spokeswoman Carrie Horstman says they're trying to educate the public before the storm hits this weekend. She says they're hoping people with warrants will turn themselves and use the next few days to deal with their legal issues. If you go to a shelter for #Irma and you have a warrant, we'll gladly escort you to the safe and secure shelter called the Polk County Jail 5GX9XQBi\u2014 Polk County Sheriff (@PolkCoSheriff) September 6, 2017 If you have a warrant, turn yourself in to the jail - it's a secure shelter 8\u2014 Polk County Sheriff (@PolkCoSheriff) September 6, 2017 We cannot and we will not have innocent children in a shelter with sexual offenders &amp; predators. Period. \u2014 Polk County Sheriff (@PolkCoSheriff) September 6, 2017", "label": 0, "id": 573}
{"text": "In this Dec. 7, 2017 file photo, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., speaks during a House Judiciary hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Kaster) (Newser) \u2013 If his TV was tuned to Fox News on Tuesday, President Trump surely didn't like what he heard. Rep. Trey Gowdy, a Trump ally and chairman of the House Oversight Committee, appeared on the network to poke holes in Trump's claim that the FBI planted a spy in his 2016 campaign. According to memos from James Comey, \"President Trump himself \u2026 said, 'If anyone connected with my campaign was working with Russia, I want you to investigate it,' and it sounds to me like that is exactly what the FBI did,\" Gowdy said, referring to reports that FBI informant Stefan Halper reached out to Trump advisers George Papadopoulos and Carter Page before the 2016 election. Gowdy added that a Justice Department briefing last week convinced him the move had \"nothing to do\" with Trump. What Politico calls Gowdy's \"significant pushback against the president\" then received backing from another Trump supporter, Fox News commentator Andrew Napolitano. \"There is no evidence\" to support Trump's claims that a spy infiltrated his campaign in order to pass information to the Obama administration and his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton, and \"I'd want to see evidence before I made an allegation that outrageous,\" he said, before describing Halper's actions as \"standard operating procedure in intelligence gathering and in criminal investigations.\" Despite anchor Shepard Smith later saying much the same, Trump stuck to his \"Spygate\" theory at a Tuesday rally in Nashville, asking the crowd, \"How do you like the fact they had people infiltrating our campaign?\" per the Post.", "label": 0, "id": 291}
{"text": "The US Supreme Court has ruled that Donald Trump\u2019s ban on travellers from six Muslim-majority countries and two others can go into full effect, even as legal challenges against the executive order continue in several states. The ban means that the US can refuse entry visas to travellers from Chad, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Syria and Yemen, as well as North Korea and Venezuela. \u201cThe ruling does not mean that the Supreme Court has accepted the ban as constitutional, but that it finds persuasive the Trump administration\u2019s argument that an emergency injunction against the ban was unnecessary,\u201d The Guardian reports. US Attorney General Jeff Sessions called the ruling \"a substantial victory for the safety and security of the American people\". \u201cThe Constitution gives the President the responsibility and power to protect this country from all threats foreign and domestic, and this order remains vital to accomplishing those goals,\u201d Sessions said. Omar Jadwat, director of the American Civil Liberties Union\u2019s Immigrants\u2019 Rights Project said he was disappointed by the court\u2019s decision. \u201cPresident Trump\u2019s anti-Muslim prejudice is no secret - he has repeatedly confirmed it, including just last week on Twitter,\u201d Jadwat told The Washington Post. \u201cWe continue to stand for freedom, equality, and for those who are unfairly being separated from their loved ones.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 642}
{"text": "Courtesy Danielle Beatty YORK, PA \u2014 A video circulating on Facebook has some residents in York city crying foul, while the York City Police Department is encouraging residents to not jump to conclusions. CBS21 News' Brandi Proctor spoke with York City Police Chief Wes Kahley who explained the video showed only a small portion of what happened and that his officer was defending himself. Watch the video here: Chief Kahley stated he does believe the 10-second video is disturbing, but added that it's the events leading up to the video that caused the officer to react. The video showing 23-year-old Melissa Penn, being punched by an unidentified police officer surfaced on social media early Monday morning. Police allege Penn caused a disturbance inside the popular bar on the 400 block of East Market Street in York before attacking the office and kneeing him several times. -- All of this happened before the cameras started rolling. Residents CBS21 News spoke with say seeing a woman being punched is hard to watch, regardless of the circumstance. \"One thing we want to make sure of, is that our officers are doing their jobs correctly. We want to make sure they are treating people with respect. Again, I don't expect any officers to be punching bags,\" Chief Kahley said. Police say there is more video that may be released in the future. In the meantime, they are asking the public to not draw any conclusions. Police said the woman depicted in the video has been arrested, but did not release the charges pending against her.", "label": 0, "id": 123}
{"text": "A Hillary Clinton campaign staffer responded to an interview with a Black Lives Matter activist with one word: \u201cyuck.\u201d Clinton staffers circulated a radio interview in January with one of the co-founders of Black Lives Matter Alicia Garza. Clinton herself flagged the interview, according to a new batch of hacked emails released by Wikileaks. In an email, Clinton\u2019s research director Tony Carrk asked his team to find the interview because \u201cHRC said there was a segment with a woman from BLM who said ruined black lives.\u201d Another staffer then sent a transcript of an interview on the New Yorker radio hour with Garza, who said Hillary \u201cshunned and lectured\u201d Black Lives Matter during a \u201c tense\u201d meeting with the group in August 2015. At the end of the interview Garza said she would not vote for Hillary Clinton in the general election. Sara Solow, a domestic policy adviser to Clinton, responded to the transcript saying, \u201cyuck.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 395}
{"text": "WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. intelligence agencies provided advanced warning to Russia about a major terrorist plot in St. Petersburg, allowing Moscow to thwart an attack that could have killed \u201clarge numbers of people,\u201d the White House said on Sunday. \u201cPresident Vladimir V. Putin of Russia called President Donald J. Trump today to thank him for the advanced warning the United States intelligence agencies provided to Russia concerning a major terror plot in Saint Petersburg, Russia,\u201d the White House said in a statement.", "label": 0, "id": 551}
{"text": "Hurricane Harvey reveals an America that many in the media seem not to know exists: a multi-ethnic, multiracial country where people, for the most part, get along. For those who claim that President Donald Trump \"coarsened\" our politics and \"set back race relations,\" Hurricane Harvey was pretty bad optics. Only weeks ago, some Democrats were counting the days toward Trump's impeachment and an early departure from the presidency. But last week they saw Trump, in Texas, looking quite presidential in his role as comforter in chief. They saw photos of a president soothing and embracing survivors, no matter their race or gender or sexual orientation. If he is a germaphobe, his fear must be in remission, as he hugged adult survivors and held kids in his arms. Texans, including black ones, appeared pleased by Trump's visit even as Democrats like Maxine Waters have denounced him as \"racist,\" calling for his impeachment as Harvey was bearing down on Texas. Imagine this: neighbors helping neighbors, irrespective of race. But really, this is an old American story. Frenchman Alexis de Tocqueville traveled to this fascinating new country called the United States of America in the 1830s. He wrote about what he considered an astonishing number of \"mutual aid societies,\" or charitable organizations and clubs set up to help a community's needy. Tocqueville wrote: \"Americans group together to hold fetes, found seminaries, build inns, construct churches, distribute books, dispatch missionaries to the antipodes. They establish hospitals, prisons, schools by the same method. Finally, if they wish to highlight a truth or develop an opinion by the encouragement of a great example, they form an association. . \"The love and respect of your neighbors must be gained by a long series of small services, hidden deeds of goodness, a persistent habit of kindness, and an established reputation of selflessness. . I have seen Americans making great and sincere sacrifices for the key common good and a hundred times I have noticed that, when needs be, they almost always gave each other faithful support.\" Tocqueville considered Americans' remarkable spirit of charitable giving a matter of enlightened self-interest: \"American moralists do not claim that one must sacrifice oneself for one's fellows because it is a fine thing to do but they are bold enough to say that such sacrifices are as necessary to the man who makes them as to those gaining from them. . They do not, therefore, deny that every man can pursue his own self-interest but they turn themselves inside out to prove that it is in each man's interest to be virtuous. . Enlightened self-love continually leads them to help one another and inclines them to devote freely a part of their time and wealth to the welfare of the state.\" America just elected and re-elected a black president. Still, President Barack Obama famously said racism is \"still part of (America's) DNA.\" Well, America's DNA clearly changed, and dramatically so. In 1958, when Gallup asked whether Americans would vote for a black person for president, 54 percent said, \"No.\" A 2006 Los Angeles poll found just 3 percent of Republicans and 4 percent of Democrats said they would not vote for a black presidential candidate. In fact, more Americans (14 percent) said they would not vote for a Mormon or a 72-year-old than the number who refused to vote for a black president. In the 1950s, interracial black-white marriages were extremely rare. Today, intermarriage of all races and ethnicities accounts for 17 percent of all marriages. This is why sane observers of O.J. Simpson's 1995 murder trial considered its defense a joke: that LAPD officers, including an Asian-American criminalist, seething at Simpson for having married a blue-eyed blonde, leaped at their opportunity to frame him. In liberal Los Angeles, where intermarriage is common? In the 1950s over 90 percent of Americans disapproved of black-white marriages, while recent polls say about 90 percent approve. If America were as racist as many in the media think, why do blacks excel in two of the most competitive fields -- sports and entertainment? On Forbes' list of highest-earning celebrities, blacks occupy seven of the top 25 slots, including Sean Combs, who clocks in at $130 million annually; Beyonce at $105 million; and Drake at $94 million. On Forbes' list of highest-earning athletes, blacks occupy 13 of the top 25 spots, including LeBron James at $86 million; Kevin Durant at $60 million; and Stephen Curry at $47 million. Watch out, Trump-hating media. As more blacks recognize that Republicans are not out to get them, and they look at cities like Detroit under Democratic leadership, Trump can potentially tip the black vote in his party's direction more than any Republican since Abraham Lincoln. COPYRIGHT 2017 LAURENCE A. ELDER DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM Secret Message from God Found in Human DNA (See What It Says)", "label": 1, "id": 94}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton jad vowed to open up UFO files if she made the White House Mrs Clinton had courted the so-called alien disclosure community for the past year after it emerged she and campaign manger John Podesta were keen to release any top-secret files held by the US Government about the subject of aliens and UFOs. Their pledge was closely followed by the Paradigm Research Group, a campaign organisation set up by Steve Bassett, the only registered lobbyist on the UFO issue in the US. Mr Bassett has been calling for an end to an alleged \"truth embargo\" that he and other UFO enthusiasts believe was put in place by global government to hide the truth about aliens visiting earth from the public since the infamous 1947 Roswell UFO incident in New Mexico. But, now Mr Bassett is hoping Hillary Clinton and Mr Podesta can still influence incumbent President Barack Obama to disclose the files and reveal the truth before he leaves office in Janaury. A statement on the PRG website says: \"There are 70 days left to persuade Secretary Clinton, John Podesta and President Obama to engage the media on the extraterrestrial issue leading to a White rapprochement and Disclosure under President Obama.\" In January, Mrs Clinton said she also wanted to open up on what is happening at the mysterious Area 51 military base in Nevada, where UFO conspiracists believe evidence of alien technology is hidden away. Clinton claimed she would \u201cget to the bottom\u201d once and for all of questions and controversy over what the US Government does or does not know about the mysterious subject. Responding to questions about UFOs from a reporter during an election interview in New Hampshire, she said: \u201cYes, I am going to get to the bottom of it.\u201d Clinton even admitted that she realises Earth may have actually been visited by extraterrestrials. Clinton and husband former president Bill Clinton have allegedly tried to force disclosure of UFO files before, but even when the latter was in the White House it did not fully happen. Bill Clinton met billionaire Laurance Rockefeller at his ranch in Wyoming in 1995 where they held discussions on the \u201cRockefeller Initiative\u201d to secure release of all previously classified UFO files. In 2007, Mrs Clinton acknowledged that among the top freedom of information (FOI) requests her husband received as president were requests related to UFO and alien disclosure. ISS Nasa live cam cuts after 'suddenly locking on to mystery glowing UFO' She added in the new interview: \"I think we may have been visited already. We don\u2019t know for sure.\u201d In 2014 her Mr Podesta said his biggest regret during his time as top adviser to President Obama was not securing release of classified UFO files. Other alien hunters are now banking on President elect Donald Truth to unlock the files. UFO blogger Scott C waring said: \"Will Trump reveal UFO info to the public, or will he skirt this issue?\"", "label": 0, "id": 450}
{"text": "that's hot I mean, it worked in Brazil, where Gisele B\u00fcndchen \u2014 supermodel, World Wildlife Federation representative, and behind-the-scenes shaper of Patriots quarterback Tom Brady\u2019s political consciousness \u2014 tweeted at Brazilian President Michel Temer: It's our job to protect our Mother Earth. @MichelTemer, please say NO to reducing protection in the Amazon! 4MrhGg B\u00fcndchen\u2019s tweet concerns legislation that would have removed protection from some parts of the Amazon rainforest. Temer\u2019s administration has been remarkably anti-conservation, threatening indigenous lands in favor of new agricultural, mineral extraction, and hydroelectric developments. And lo! Temer responded: That means, \u201cI vetoed those bills, because you are extremely beautiful.\u201d NO! It just means, \u201cI vetoed those bills.\u201d This seems like a good approach to try in America. Can someone please text Kendall Jenner to ask if she feels like doing something substantive for the greater good? The EPA is really hot right now.", "label": 1, "id": 478}
{"text": "In March 2016, Trump tweeted: \u201cLyin\u2019 Ted Cruz just used an image of Melania from a GQ shoot in his ad. Be careful, Lyin\u2019 Ted, or I will spill the beans on your wife!\u201d Trump followed up his initial comment by retweeting an unflattering photo comparing Heidi Cruz with his wife, Melania, stating, \u201cA picture is worth a thousand words.\u201d It was reported in the same story that a friend of Diana, Selina Scott, said the princess felt stalked after her divorce from Prince Charles; Trump \u201cbombarded Diana at Kensington Palace with massive bouquets of flowers.\u201d In a tweet that Trump later deleted, he wrote on April 16, 2016: \u201cIf Hillary Clinton can\u2019t satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America?\u201d In December 2015, Trump said Clinton \u201cgot schlonged\u201d by President Barack Obama during the 2008 presidential primaries. In doing so, he turned the Yiddish word for penis into a verb. According to CNN, Yiddish scholars were shocked by the word\u2019s use in a \u201cfilthy\u201d context. Trump condemned Clinton for \u201cshouting\u201d during her appeal to female voters. In an MSNBC interview, he acknowledged that he was using gendered terms when referencing Clinton\u2019s decibel level. Trump has also criticized her credentials for president by saying, \u201cFrankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don\u2019t think she\u2019d get 5 percent of the vote. The only thing she\u2019s got going is the women\u2019s card.\u201dThe Republican candidate followed that remark up by calling Clinton an \u201cenabler\u201d of her husband\u2019s infidelity. California: Say Goodbye To Your Mortgage If You Have No Missed Payments Forget Skinny Jeans. These Are What You Should Be Wearing This Summer. Thinking About Solar For Your Home? Read This First \"Gesture of love\": Photo of police officer breastfeeding malnourished baby goes viral Members of Amazon tribe never seen by outsiders filmed by drone Natasha Aponte, woman who tricked thousands of men on Tinder, explains purpose behind dating competition Ivana Trump Ivana Trump worked for the Trump Organization after they were married. She was president of Trump\u2019s Castle casino resort and the Plaza Hotel. According to the New York Times, she was only paid an annual salary of $1. He wrote in his book \u201cThe Art of the Comeback\u201d that he regretted taking Ivana out of the role of being his wife and making her a businesswoman, because business then dominated their personal lives as well. Ivana has praised her ex-husband, telling the New York Post that his trust in her business skills was proof of his respect for women. She said, \u201cHe loves women. But not a feminist.\u201d When she filed for divorce from Trump, instigated by his affair with Marla Maples, she stated in a deposition that her husband had raped her. However, she later said that \u201cit was all the lawyers,\u201d adding, \u201cI was never abused.\u201d It was Donald Trump\u2019s affair with Marla Maples that led to his divorce from Ivana Trump. The couple married in 1993 and divorced six years later in 19. It was Trump\u2019s relationship with Maples that also provided fodder for recently resurfaced allegations that Trump posed as his own public relations rep in interviews with various publications. In a 1991 phone interviewwith People magazine reporter Sue Carswell, a recording of which was released in May 2016, a rep who identified himself as \u201cJohn Miller\u201d explained why Trump had left Maples for Italian singer-model Carla Bruni. In the interview, \u201cMiller\u201d bragged that Trump was constantly pursued by famous women and that \u201che\u2019s living with Marla and he\u2019s got three other girlfriends.\u201d According to Carswell, Trump later apologized for the ruse, saying it was a \u201cjoke gone awry,\u201d though he currently denies he ever posed as his own rep. In the recording of the phone conversation, \u201cMiller\u201d -- whose tone, cadence and style of speaking are all remarkably Trump-like -- gave intimate details of Trump\u2019s encounters with celebrities like Italian singer and model Carla Bruni and pop star Madonna. Of stories that Trump dated Bruni, the woman now married to former French President Nicolas Sarkozy told London\u2019s Daily Mail, \u201cTrump is obviously a lunatic.\u201d She stated Trump dreamed up the match for publicity sake. \u201cIt\u2019s so untrue and I\u2019m deeply embarrassed by it all.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 311}
{"text": "The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is recommending to the Justice Department that no charges should be brought against Hillary Clinton for her use of private email servers as secretary of state, FBI Director James Comey announced Tuesday. \"Our judgment is that no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case,\" Comey said after detailing the FBI's findings in its investigation of Clinton's use of personal email servers. \"No charges are appropriate in this case.\" Comey announced that the FBI has completed its investigation of Clinton's use of a personal email server and is now referring the matter to the Justice Department to decide whether to prosecute. Comey made clear he didn't coordinate his statement with the Justice Department or any other part of the government. The FBI assessed whether classified information was improperly stored or transmitted on Clinton's personal email server or whether classified information was mishandled intentionally or in a grossly negligent way -- which is a felony -- or whether people knowingly removed classified information from appropriate systems or storage facilities, which is a misdemeanor, Comey said. He added that the FBI also investigated whether there was computer intrusion by nation states or hostile actors. Comey said that the FBI found that Clinton actually used \"several different servers\" and administrators of those servers during her four years as secretary of state as well as \"numerous mobile devices\" to send and receive email on her personal domain. When one of the servers was decommissioned in 2013, the software was removed, but millions of email fragments remained in a \"slack space of the server\" which the FBI had to use to piece the puzzle of her emails back together. \"We searched through all of it to understand what was there and what parts of the puzzle we could put back together again,\" Comey said. From the group of approximately 30,0 emails that Clinton provided to the State Department, the FBI found 110 emails in 52 email chains that \"have been determined by the owning agency to contain classified information at the time they were sent or received,\" Comey said. Eight of those chains contained top-secret information, Comey said, 36 chains contained information that was considered secret at the time and eight were considered confidential. Comey said that the FBI \"found no evidence that any of the additional work-related emails were intentionally deleted in an effort to conceal them in some way.\" Therefore, Comey said the FBI has \"reasonable confidence\" that there was \"no intentional misconduct\" in connection to the sorting of Clinton's emails. The FBI director, however, slammed Clinton for her general use of the email server. \"There is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information,\" he said, adding that anyone in Clinton's position or in the positions of people she communicated with \"should have known that an unclassified system was no place for that conversation.\" Comey said that the FBI did not find \"direct evidence\" that Clinton's personal email domain was hacked successfully, but cautioned that the government is \"unlikely to find such direct evidence.\" At the same time, he warned that \"hostile actors gained access\" to private email accounts with which Clinton was in regular contact. He also said that because Clinton sent and received work emails in territories of sophisticated adversaries, Comey said, \"It is possible that hostile actors gained access to Secretary Clinton's personal email account.\" The conclusion of the investigation comes after Clinton met with FBI officials in Washington for three and a half hours Saturday about her use of the private email server she used while she was secretary of state, her campaign said. Federal investigators also interviewed Clinton's top aides, including Huma Abedin, who was questioned in April. Clinton had turned over her email server to the FBI in August, and at the time she turned it over, it had been wiped clean. In May, Clinton told CBS News that she expected a quick conclusion to the FBI probe into whether she mishandled classified information on her server, which Clinton used exclusively to send and receive State Department correspondence. \"I always took classified material seriously,\" she told \"Face the Nation\" host John Dickerson. \"There was never any material marked classified that was sent or received by me. And I look forward to this being wrapped up.\" There has been increased scrutiny of the Justice Department, which oversees the FBI, and Attorney General Loretta Lynch after she had a spontaneous half-hour-long meeting with former President Clinton early last week.The attorney general said Friday of the meeting with Clinton that she \"certainly wouldn't do it again,\" a sentiment seconded by the former president and by Hillary Clinton, who told MSNBC in an interview that \"hindsight is 20-20.\" Lynch confirmed Friday that she would be accepting the recommendations of the career prosecutors in the email case, though she stopped short of formally recusing herself from the matter. CBS News' Paula Reid contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 289}
{"text": "Getty Bono and the Edge are seen playing a set in honor of the new iPod in 2004. (Getty) U2 has cancelled its September 16 concert in St. Louis, Missouri after a night of unrest over a police officer\u2019s acquittal that saw rocks thrown at officers, injuries, and arrests. The mayor\u2019s house was damaged, and a public library\u2019s windows smashed, among the other developments. In the midst of all of this, U2 wrote on Saturday morning on Twitter: \u201cTonight\u2019s St. Louis Show Cancelled \u2018We cannot risk fans\u2019 safety.\u201d The iconic band released a lengthy statementexplaining the decision to no longer play at The Dome America Center. It was posted to U2\u2019s website and reads: Live Nation and U2 regrettably announce their St. Louis show scheduled for tonight, September 16, 2017 has been cancelled. \u201cWe have been informed by the St. Louis Police Department that they are not in a position to provide the standard protection for our audience as would be expected for an event of this size. We have also been informed that local crowd security personnel would not be at full capacity. In light of this information, we cannot in good conscience risk our fans\u2019 safety by proceeding with tonight\u2019s concert. As much as we regret having to cancel, we feel it is the only acceptable course of action in the current environment.\u201d \u2013 Live Nation and U2 Fans who purchased tickets online will receive a refund on the credit card tickets were ordered on. Refunds for non-internet purchases will be available starting Monday at 10am at point of purchase. Here\u2019s the band\u2019s tweet on the cancellation: Here\u2019s some of the reaction on Twitter. Some people expressed sadness, others said they were angry (at those causing the unrest, at U2), and others wanted the band to make a social statement. The concert being cancelled upset fans on social media, but it was just one of multiple closings in St. Louis because of riots and protests over a judge\u2019s acquittalof a white police officer in the shooting death of an African-American man, Anthony Lamar Smith. Prosecutors had argued that the former police officer, Jason Stockley, planted a gun after the shooting, something he denied.", "label": 0, "id": 153}
{"text": "Only seven months into his puzzling presidency, Donald Trump has accomplished an odd achievement: He\u2019s made Sigmund Freud relevant again. Although the father of psychoanalysis is no longer fashionable, the Freudian concept of psychological projection is alive and well. \u201cI think he\u2019s crazy,\u201d said Sen. Jack Reed, a Rhode Island Democrat, speaking into an open microphone about Trump. J. Brien Comey, father of fired FBI director Jim Comey, thinks Trump belongs \u201cin an institution.\u201d Conservative columnist Jennifer Rubin has questioned the president\u2019s \u201cmental stability.\u201d These aren\u2019t isolated examples. Many prominent liberals, conservatives, moderates, and libertarians have concluded that the president is off his rocker. The tangible evidence for that proposition is thin, and Trump seems to be enjoying himself more and more. Maybe we\u2019re all just projecting. \u201cTrump Derangement Syndrome\u201d is the phrase used by those sympathetic to the president to explain liberals\u2019 hair-on-fire response to anything Trump says or does. TDS is also an occupational hazard of being a member of the Republican establishment or a movement conservative who cares about such trite concepts as political principles. This became clear again last week in the hysteria over Trump\u2019s approach to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. In response to the administration\u2019s original announcement rescinding DACA, liberals came unglued. Not content to call the decision dumb and racist, which they did, they played the sanity card. \u201cIt is lunacy,\u201d opined Minnesota\u2019s Democratic governor, Mark Dayton. The president, added HBO comedic pundit John Oliver, is out of his mind. \u201cUtter insanity,\u201d proclaimed Susan Hay, a co-founder of a Florida-based pro-immigrant and refugee nonprofit. That was then. A few days later, after dining on Chinese food (you can\u2019t make this stuff up) at the White House with Democratic congressional leaders Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, Trump reversed field on DACA. In the real world, such a development is called processing new information. In modern U.S. politics, it\u2019s considered treason -- or insanity. This time, it was conservatives who melted down. Ann Coulter pronounced it the death of the GOP brand; Iowa Republican Rep. Steve King, an immigration hardliner, claimed it would \u201ccrack\u201d Trump\u2019s core base of support; various commenters on conservative news sites theorized that Trump had been taken over by aliens. Not the illegal kind, the kind from outer space. Since before Trump\u2019s inauguration, Democratic attorneys in the nation\u2019s capital have contemplated replacing Trump under the 25th Amendment\u2019s requirement that the president is able to \u201cdischarge the powers and duties of his office,\u201d i.e. impeaching him on grounds he\u2019s intellectually incapacitated. Although this idea itself is bonkers, Coulter alluded to it\u2014not unfavorably\u2014Friday. \u201cAt this point,\u201d she tweeted, \u201cwho DOESN\u2019T want Trump impeached?\u201d Fellow conservative pundit Laura Ingraham, more measured in her criticism, noted that MSNBC host Joe Scarborough had spent most of the year speculating that Trump is \u201cmentally unstable [but] is praising him today.\u201d Ordinary civilians are getting into the psychology racket, too. \u201cJody,\u201d an Arizona conservative who dialed in to Ingraham\u2019s radio show, said she was suffering from a new strain of the disease: \u201cPelosi Trump Schumer Disorder,\u201d she called it. \u201cI am done if they don\u2019t build the wall.\u201d Jody was kidding, or at least half-kidding, but stressing out to this degree over politics is becoming a national obsession. It can\u2019t be healthy. And as for labeling as cuckoo those with whom we disagree, well, that\u2019s an old KGB tactic. We can\u2019t let Vladimir Putin do that to us. Unfortunately, the psychology racket is full of those with no sense of history. A new book arrived, unsolicited, in the mail recently with a long title: \u201cThe Dangerous Case of Donald Trump: 27 Psychiatrists and Mental Health Experts Assess a President.\u201d The cover gives the game away, but the publisher also included a foreword from 91-year-old psychiatrist Robert Jay Lifton, who offers the melodramatic view that clinicians who don\u2019t warn the world about Donald Trump\u2019s shortcomings are akin to Nazi doctors who worked at Auschwitz. At the risk of practicing medicine without a license, I\u2019d suggest that this historical comparison is de facto evidence of TDS -- and paranoid grandiosity. A better title would have been \u201c27 Angry Democrats With Advanced Degrees Who Voted Against Trump and Say He\u2019s Crazy Although They\u2019ve Never Met Him.\u201d Lifton and others associated with this project are part of something called the \u201cDuty to Warn\u201d project. The word \u201cduty\u201d is a term of art, given that since 1973, the American Psychiatric Association had cautioned its members against diagnosing patients they\u2019ve not personally evaluated. Although this seems like common sense, it\u2019s more than that: It\u2019s a hard-earned lesson. It\u2019s called the \u201cGoldwater Rule,\u201d and it comes from the 1964 presidential campaign. In October of that year, when educated elites were just as unhinged over the idea of a Republican populist in the White House as they are today, provocative left-wing pamphleteer Ralph Ginzburg published an article in his \u201cFact\u201d magazine with an incendiary headline: \u201c1,189 Psychiatrists Say Goldwater Is Psychologically Unfit to Be President!\u201d For those too young to remember, Barry Goldwater was a conservative Arizona senator and the Republican Party\u2019s 1964 presidential nominee. Key in the creation of the U.S. Air Force Academy, Goldwater was also a decorated World War II pilot, a fiscal conservative, a fierce anti-communist, and friends in the Senate with John F. Kennedy. As Donald Trump would do 52 years later, Goldwater wrested the GOP nomination away from the Establishment, creating a fissure in Republican politics that exists to this day. Unlike Trump, Goldwater did not become president. He lost to Lyndon Johnson in a historic landslide. I\u2019ve never heard any political observer blame the Fact magazine article for that defeat, but it was so nasty and gratuitous that when the campaign was over Goldwater filed a libel suit in federal court. Of the 12,356 psychiatrists queried by Ginzburg, 2,417 responded \u2013 and only 657 pronounced Goldwater psychologically fit to be president. Some 1,189 of these quacks diagnosed the senator -- on the record, with their names attached \u2013 as unfit, offering such dubious diagnoses as \u201cmegalomania,\u201d \u201cparanoid personality, \u201cemotionally unstable,\u201d \u201cimmature,\u201d \u201cgrossly psychotic,\u201d \u201cmass murderer,\u201d \u201cimmoral,\u201d \u201cchronic schizophrenic,\u201d \u201cdangerous lunatic\u201d and \u2013 stupidest of all -- \u201ccowardly.\u201d Goldwater won his case, despite the high bar public officials face in such matters. When he testified in federal court, he came across as rational, composed, normal, and emotionally healthy. His critics were the ones who were unhinged. Is that happening again? Donald Trump seemed almost happy last week. Sure, he wants good coverage in the New York Times. Doesn\u2019t everyone? And, yes, he\u2019d rather spend time with Chuck Schumer than Mitch McConnell. Who wouldn\u2019t? He wants to build a wall to prevent future waves of illegal immigration, but has a soft spot for \u201cDreamers.\u201d He was in his element comforting hurricane victims. These traits make him crazy? He could be the sanest politician in Washington right now. Secret Message from God Found in Human DNA (See What It Says)", "label": 1, "id": 102}
{"text": "President-elect Mr Trump outlined his tough stance to root out the millions who are in the country illegally, particularly criminals. Mr Trump said that once the border was \u201csecure\u201d, immigration officials would take a decision over what action to take with remaining migrants. But he also said deportations would take place \u201cimmediately\u201d after he entered the White House. He said: \u201cWhat we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably two million, it could be even three million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate. \u201cBut we\u2019re getting them out of our country, they\u2019re here illegally.\u201d He said a \u201cdetermination\u201d would be made about remaining illegal immigrants. He said: \u201cAfter the border is secure and after everything gets normalised, we\u2019re going to make a determination on the people that they\u2019re talking about who are terrific people, they\u2019re terrific people but we are gonna make a determination at that. \u201cBut before we make that determination\u2026 it\u2019s very important, we are going to secure our border.\u201d 'I fully support and agree with Trump\u2019s stance', says Paul Nuttall Ukip MEP Last night, Ukip MEP Gerard Batten called on Britain to take tougher action on illegal immigrants and said it would be easier to do so after having left the European Union. He said: \u201cDonald Trump is absolutely right. By their very nature, illegal immigrants are in the country illegally. \u201cWhy wouldn\u2019t you deport them? We should do the same. \u201cPeople who come here illegally should be sent back home and those who have committed crimes expressly so. \u201cDonald Trump isn\u2019t constrained by the Human Rights Act and the European Court of Human Rights so he can get rid of them. When we leave the EU we can do that too. We have something like a million illegal immigrants here.\u201d Paul Nuttall, also a Ukip MEP, said: \u201cI fully support and agree with Trump\u2019s stance\u2026 and I wish Britain was better at deporting foreign criminals. \u201cNot only are they in the country illegally, they have broken their obligation to live by the rules of the host country. \u201cWhy should we spend our hard-earned money, that could otherwise be spent on the NHS or education, on keeping people that shouldn\u2019t even be in the country in our prisons? They should be sent back.\u201d Tue, December 13, 2016 Donald John Trump is an American businessman and politician who is President-elect of the United States as well as chairman and president of The Trump Organization Theresa May suggested she might further streamline visa application processes for Indians Conservative MP Peter Bone said: \u201cWhat Donald Trump is tapping into is the deep frustration that people here have, that people come here illegally, commit crime and then can\u2019t be deported because of their human rights. \u201cWe also need to be robust in returning illegal immigrants. \u201cOne of the frustrating things is that when someone comes here and they break the law we seem to be powerless to deport them. \u201cWe should not be worried about their human rights. Britons are fed up with people abusing the system.\u201d In June, the Commons\u2019 Home Affairs Committee called for urgent action to \u201csignificantly\u201d reduce the number of foreign offenders, estimated to number 13,0. Last week, during an official visit to India, Prime Minister Theresa May suggested she might further streamline visa application processes for Indians if Delhi made it easier for Britain to deport Indian citizens who had over-stayed. At the weekend, during his first recorded TV interview after being elected on Tuesday, Mr Trump was asked whether a wall with Mexico would be built and said: \u201cYes,\u201d but he appeared to backtrack suggesting it would be partly \u201csome fencing\u201d. Mr Trump said: \u201cFor certain areas\u2026 a wall is more appropriate\u2026 I\u2019m very good at this, it\u2019s called construction.\u201d Crowds march in New York in protest of new Republican president-elect Donald Trump Following Mr Trump\u2019s win, Mexico has reiterated that it would not fund any wall. A wave of protests continued yesterday afternoon in New York and Oakland in California as demonstrators took to the streets for the fifth consecutive day. Thousands of protesters have taken to the streets since the results from Tuesday showed Mr Trump had secured enough votes in the 538-person electoral college to clinch the presidency. In the main. the protests have been peaceful and have decried Mr Trump for his campaign promises to clamp down on immigration and register Muslims along with claims the former reality TV star had sexually abused women. So far, arrests have been in the dozens and a number of police have been injured. Slogans including \u201cnot my President\u201d and \u201clove trumps hate\u201d were chanted by campaigners on the march in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago and elsewhere. Protesters say Mr Trump threatens their civil and human rights. A protestor in New York holds a sign which reads, 'Trump is not my President' The protests come as it emerged that Hillary Clinton could receive two million more votes than Mr Trump when the final tally is made. The latest findings show Democrat Mrs Clinton has received 400,0 more votes than the President-elect \u2013 60.4 million compared with 60 million. Millions of votes are yet to be counted in the pro-Democrat state of California and experts believe Mrs Clinton\u2019s win of the popular vote could be extended to two million. Campaigners are fighting for reform as they suggest the US electoral college system is outdated. The result is similar to the situation which arose in the 20 election when Al Gore lost having defeated George W Bush in the popular vote.", "label": 0, "id": 421}
{"text": "Altercations between police and protesters in Austin, TX. Radicals lead anti confederacy rally in Austin, Texas. Hundreds marched against a scheduled (but then canceled) \"Dixie Freedom Rally\" in Austin, Texas, on Saturday. Public pressure against the event was immense, and after receiving threats of violence, the Texas Confederate Militia decided to postpone the event to a later date. That didn't stop the counter march the Austin chapter of the Democratic Socialists of America had planned. Chanting their way through downtown Austin, the capital of Texas, demonstrators denounced Confederate symbolism and called for the dismantling of public works and streets that bear the name of Confederate icons. At the end of the march, fights broke out both between protesters and between protesters and police. Two people were arrested. Event organizers reached out to lawyers and are fighting the charges. According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, only Virginia has more Confederate symbols (which include roads, schools, statues and county names) than Texas. Austin has already been taking steps to remove public reminders of its history as part of the Confederacy. Just last week Texas House Speaker Joe Strauss called for removal of a plaque near the Capitol that asserts slavery was not the underlying cause of the Civil War. And finally after years of resistance, administrators at the University of Texas Austin decided to take down Confederate statues on campus. Related stories The University of Texas is removing its Confederate statues Workers removed a statue of Robert E. Lee from a Dallas park under police guard Retailers say Confederate flag sales are surging after Charlottesville", "label": 0, "id": 277}
{"text": "When the removal of a sign becomes a sign of the times\u2026 In the open border utopia ushered in by President Barack Obama, it\u2019s no longer socially acceptable to think Americans speak English and thus, down comes a famous sign at Geno\u2019s Steaks in South Philly. More from Fox News: Geno\u2019s has held its prominent location at South Philadelphia\u2019s \u2018cheesesteak junction\u2019, at the diagonal meeting of 9th and Passyunk\u2013and across from cheesesteak originator \u201cPat\u2019s\u201d, since 1966, but Vento\u2019s contentious sign set it apart from the rest. Joey Vento, who died in 2011 at age 71, drew regional and national attention over his \u201cThis is America, When Ordering Speak English\u201d sign posted to the walk-up window at \u2018Geno\u2019s\u2019. After Vento\u2019s death, his son Geno, named for his father\u2019s shop, apparently decided to take the sign down. SEE ALSO: Dana Perino Erupts \u2018Like Mount Vesuvius\u2019: \u2018After 20 Years Of Defending These Guys \u2026 Done!\u2019 Turns out, the descendant of Italian immigrants never refused service to anyone and said he posted the sign as political commentary on illegal immigration, according to Fox News. Geno\u2019s Steaks released a statement on the removal of the sign, saying it\u2019s time to move on. \u201cWhile Geno continues to honor his father\u2019s traditions of good quality food, cleanliness and giving back to the community, he has decided that after 10 years it is time to move on,\u201d the statement said. \u201cIt\u2019s not about the sign. It\u2019s about what you do and what your mark in life is, and Geno wants to change that mark in life.\u201d Geno\u2019s was in the news recently when GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump, who is strongly opposed to illegal immigration, came by for a cheesesteak while campaigning.", "label": 0, "id": 583}
{"text": "All in all, the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards was a pretty good Emmys. Stephen Colbert didn't make a single racially insensitive joke, Lena Waithe gave an incredibly inspiring acceptance speech, the gay episode of Black Mirror won twice, and there was not a Modern Family win in sight. But there was one dark cloud over the evening: the surprise, supposedly comedic appearance by disgraced former press secretary Sean Spicer. Judging by the Sean Spicer Emmy reactions on Twitter, viewers were not pleased to see this angry little man joking around with his pal Stephen Colbert on their television screen. Maybe it's a good thing the 2017 Emmys got this questionable political stunt out of the way early. The Former White House Press Secretary to President Trump was brought out on stage by host Stephen Colbert at the end of his opening monologue. The real Spicer rolled out on a mobile podium, famously used by Melissa McCarthy in her impressions of him on Saturday Night Live. The real Spicer got a few jokes in. He referenced his famously inaccurate judgment of the inauguration crowd size by saying, This is the largest audience to witness the Emmys, period. Both in person and around the world. Ha ha. Wink wink. Nudge nudge. Get it? It's totally fine that he spewed blatant lies to the American public, because now we can all laugh about it together! The audience laughed and cheered for this former face of the Donald Trump presidency, and then later in the night gave all the Emmys to The Handmaid's Tale, you know, that show about how a dystopian, oppressive government is a bad thing. Yay, cognitive dissonance! Anyways, I'm not the only one who found this particular political stunt to be in fairly bad taste. The reaction on Twitter to Sean Spicer's Emmy appearance was overwhelmingly negative \u2014 from both regular viewers and celebrity viewers. Former SNL player and actress Jenny Slate tweeted that she was \"so grossed out\" by the decision. She said, Truly so grossed out by A GROUP of people ever even considering the idea of real life Spicer at the Emmys. What is wrong with you? Wake up. Similarly, actor Zach Braff tweeted, I'm not ready to laugh \"with\" Sean Spicer. I think he is an evil, opportunistic liar that hurt our country. Filmmaker and actor Rob Reiner, known for his role as Max Belfort in The Wolf of Wall Street, tweeted, DT is a sick liar. If we reward Sean Spicer for enabling his sickness, we are saying we accept a mentally ill POTUS. And of course, though she didn't share her opinion on Twitter, Melissa McCarthy's reaction when the camera cut to her during the real Spicer's bit said a thousand words: She did not approve. Many non-celebrities also shared their disapproval on Twitter, some viewer lamenting the double standard for 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and this small angry liar. Others critiqued the Television Academy for its hypocrisy. Again, though the night was filled anti-Trump sentiment, inspiring speeches about political activism, and supposedly subversive post-Trump television, Spicer was still invited onto that very same stage where that all took place. And according to journalist Chris Gardner of The Hollywood Reporter, who attended the show, Spicer had no lack of fans and attention after the Emmys. Gardner tweeted, What pariah? Sean Spicer getting mobbed in #Emmys lobby. Posing for pics, drinking beer, soaking up all attention after onstage appearance. Don't you just love it when lying politicians \u2014 who are so terrible at their job even Donald Trump has to fire them \u2014 become beloved, whacky celebrities? Thanks for that one, Academy of Television Arts &amp; Sciences.", "label": 1, "id": 164}
{"text": "Despite being around for more than a century, suppressors aren\u2019t really used in crimes. In fact, it seems like the only time you see a crime committed with a suppressor, it\u2019s where having the suppressor itself is illegal for whatever reason. They\u2019re just not used that way very often. However, if the Hearing Protection Act passes as part of the SHARE Act, suppressors will likely become far more common. That has the hysterical tribe at The Trace worried about criminals getting their grubby little paws on them via theft. Congress could vote as soon as this week to repeal part of an 80-year-old law that has forced owners of silencers to register the devices with the federal government. Supporters of removing restrictions on silencers have dismissed the concerns of opponents by pointing out that suppressors, as they\u2019re also known, are today rarely used in crimes. The more pertinent public safety question, however, is what could happen if many more silencers enter circulation. Even with the hurdles that silencer buyers must deal with, demand for the items is already increasing, fueled by a new generation of suppressors and some slick marketing. There are now more that 1.3 million of them registered with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, up from about 360,0 just five years ago. There\u2019s also evidence to suggest that as silencers have gained a foothold with gun owners, some are winding up in the black market. We\u2019ve written before that as goes the legal gun industry, so goes the criminal arsenal. Firearms and related tools like extended magazines that are initially sold legally end up in criminals\u2019 hands in several ways: unregulated private transactions, straw purchases and, of course, theft. To be sure, theft is a legitimate concern. It\u2019s impossible to keep things out of criminals\u2019 hands because they\u2019re often acquired via theft, either directly or indirectly on the black market. I\u2019d like to applaud The Trace for at least acknowledging that criminals are unlikely to walk into a gun store and buy suppressors. Good for them. Make no mistake, criminals will get their hands on suppressors via theft. It\u2019s going to happen, unfortunately. Of course, criminals can make suppressors in their garage right now. All the information is on the internet for anyone and their brother to look at if they so choose. It\u2019s been that way for years. Yet they\u2019re still rarely used in crime. Why is that? Take a look at this photo of a suppressed pistol, since handguns are the preferred weapon of the average criminal. Note that the suppressor extends well beyond the weapon. In fact, it doubles the overall length of the weapon. Guess what this does? It makes it very, very difficult to hide a suppressed firearm. Seriously, try tucking one of those in the front of your pants sometime and see how quickly you draw. This makes suppressors very difficult to sneak into a convenience store. It\u2019s also difficult to mill about waiting for someone to pull the gun on and rob. While criminals will, no doubt, get their hands on suppressors in the course of their \u201ccareer,\u201d it won\u2019t really help them much. They\u2019re terrible options for their line of work, and with the internet\u2019s instructions laying the mysteries of the suppressor bare years ago, there\u2019s no reason to fear them getting into any crooks hands. They\u2019re likely already there, and they figure out quickly they\u2019re useless for their purposes.", "label": 1, "id": 244}
{"text": "President Donald Trump renewed his attacks on the \"fake\" news media in a series of tweets early Saturday morning, lashing out at CNN after the network corrected a story on the Trump campaign and Russia. Trump accused CNN of making a \u201cvicious and intentional mistake\u201d and called on the network to fire those responsible, and also called for ABC reporter Brian Ross, who has been suspended, to be fired for a separate erroneous report. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is introduced during the CNN presidential debate at The Venetian Las Vegas on December 15, 2015 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Getty Images \"Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. They were caught red handed, just like lonely Brian Ross at ABC News (who should be immediately fired for his \u201cmistake\u201d),\" Trump wrote. \"Watch to see if @CNN fires those responsible, or was it just gross incompetence?\" Trump continued to taunt CNN in a second tweet. \"CNN\u2019S slogan is CNN, THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS. Everyone knows this is not true, that this could, in fact, be a fraud on the American Public. There are many outlets that are far more trusted than Fake News CNN. Their slogan should be CNN, THE LEAST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS!\" the president tweeted. The news media has been one of Trump\u2019s most frequent targets since he took office in January. He derides organizations that publish reports critical of him as \"fake news.\" In July, he was accused of inciting violence against journalists after he tweeted a gif showing himself body slamming a CNN avatar. In the corrected CNN report Trump referred to, it was claimed that Trump\u2019s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., had received a \u201cheads up\u201d email on September 4, ahead of the release by WikiLeaks of a cache of emails stolen from DNC servers, allegedly by Russian government linked hackers. CNN later corrected its report to state that Trump Jr. had in fact received the email on September 14, subsequent to their public release by WikiLeaks. The network has said it will not discipline the reporters responsible for the story, because they followed company procedure and used multiple sources to verify the claims, and does not believe they acted with malicious intent. ABC\u2019s chief investigative correspondent Brian Ross had mistakenly reported on-air that Michael Flynn was prepared to testify that Trump had ordered him to make contact with Russian officials before the 2016 presidential election. The network later corrected the report to state that Trump had made the request as president elect, prior to taking office in January. Fox News, whose coverage Trump has praised and contrasted with CNN's, also issued a correction for a story Friday in which it was claimed that one of the women who has accused Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore of sexual assault forged his signature in a high school yearbook. At a rally in support of Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore Friday night, Trump had attacked news networks. \u201cCNN apologized just a little while ago,\u201d Trump said, referring to the error correction. \u201cThey apologized. Oh, thank you, CNN. Thank you so much. You should\u2019ve been apologizing for the last two years.\u201d More from Newsweek", "label": 0, "id": 229}
{"text": "We have over 74,0 city photos not found anywhere else, graphs of the latest real estate prices and sales trends, recent home sales, a home value estimator, hundreds of thousands of maps, satellite photos, demographic data (race, income, ancestries, education, employment), geographic data, state profiles, crime data, registered sex offenders, cost of living, housing, religions, businesses, local news links based on our exclusive technology, birthplaces of famous people, political contributions, city government finances, employment, weather, natural disasters, hospitals, schools and libraries. In addition to our huge collection of data, we have also created our Top 100 City Lists and Top 101 City Lists. These lists rank cities in hundreds of categories, including income, crime, most gay couples, most cars, shortest commute, biggest houses, best educated residents and many more. We also have thousands of random city pictures submitted by our users. Should I try to be a good Editor &amp; Director?: Long Beach: transfer to, movies - Los Angeles, California (CA) Would I have my place in L.A?: Los Angeles, Long Beach: apartment, insurance - California (CA) Where do i live?: Orange, Burbank: affordable apartments, how much, to live - Los Angeles, California (CA) Pasadena for families?: West Hollywood, South Pasadena: apartments, for rent, neighborhoods - Los Angeles, California (CA) moving to CA on $63K can I make it? HELP!: Long Beach: sales, sublets - Los Angeles, California Thinking of Interning in LA for a few months.advice?: Los Angeles: home, school - California (CA) Need Information About West Palmdale.have Not Seen Anything Good Thus Far.help!: apartment complex - Los Angeles, California (CA) A few questions from a college student!: Torrance, Burbank: apartments, rent - Los Angeles, California (CA) Looking for summer housing in Westwood Village area: sublets, dorms - Los Angeles, California (CA) Best Places to Live Around This in LA?: Albany: neighborhoods, law school - Los Angeles, California (CA) Problems with apartment management in LA: for sale, real estate, apartments - Los Angeles, California (CA) Glendale- transportation concern: Pasadena, Burbank: apartments, to rent, safe area - Los Angeles, California (CA) Commute to Calabasas (i.e. should I move?): Santa Monica, Woodland: apartment, rentals - Los Angeles, California (CA) Bringing my Horse to LA: Burbank, Moorpark: dorms, school, college - Los Angeles, California (CA) i have a about commuting from pacific palisades to sherman oaks.: Los Angeles: home - California (CA) Help! My girlfriend and I are moving to hollywood area from Boston.: Los Angeles: apartment, rentals - California (CA) Carpet damage? Landlord or tenant responsibility?: apartment, renter, house - Los Angeles, California (CA) I am a cult survivor in L.A. Can other survivors share their experiences?: Pasadena: homes, high school - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 2: Glendale: home, school I am a cult survivor in - Los Angeles, California (CA) Just Bought My First Home: Los Angeles, Garden Grove: house, buying, private schools - California (CA) What did L.A. used to be like?: San Diego, Santa Ana: apartment, house - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 2: Los Angeles, San Diego: middle-class, homes What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 3: Glendale, Pasadena: insurance, houses What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 4: Sacramento, Orange: amusement park, credit What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 5: Glendale, Orange: real estate, home What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 6: Los Angeles, Santa Monica: crime rate, neighborhood What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 7: Los Angeles, Highland: apartments, crime What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 8: Los Angeles, Highland: loft, motel What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 9: rent, live What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 10: San Francisco, Ducor: pharmacy, gangs What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 11: San Francisco, Santa Monica: fit in, neighborhoods What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 12: Los Angeles, Santa Monica: bankrupt, movie theater What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 13: Los Angeles, Oakland: for sale, renters What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 14: Oakland: sale, how much What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 15: Inglewood, Compton: place to live, moving What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Page 16: Los Angeles: appliances, to buy What did L.A. used to be - Los Angeles, California (CA) Why do so many races hate African Americans? I feel the hate.: Los Angeles: rent, crime - California (CA) Page 2: Los Angeles: crimes, how much Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 3: Los Angeles: lawyers, neighborhoods Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 4: Los Angeles: sex offenders, neighborhood Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 5: Los Angeles: house, cinema Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 6: Orange: live in, gangs Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 7: Pittsburg: mover, hotels Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 8: Los Angeles: middle-class, daycare Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 9: London: crime rates, school Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 11: home, college Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 12: Jackson: upper-class, live Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 15: Nice: price, bill Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 16: university, living in Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 17: high crime, living Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 18: buy, vs. Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Page 19: Los Angeles: movies, agricultural Why do so many races hate - California (CA) Can LA survive for another 30 years?: Los Angeles, Malibu: real estate, to rent, condo - California (CA) Page 2: Los Angeles, San Francisco: city hall, crime, school district Can LA survive for another 30 - California (CA) Page 3: Los Angeles: rent, homes, neighborhood Can LA survive for another 30 - California (CA) Can I make it in L.A?: Los Angeles, Pasadena: real estate, apartments - California (CA) Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk?: Los Angeles, San Francisco: houses, neighborhoods, purchase - California (CA) Page 2: Los Angeles, San Francisco: apartments, vacation home, dorms Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 3: Los Angeles, San Francisco: apartment, house, tornado Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 4: San Diego, San Francisco: insurance, lofts, condos Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 5: San Diego, San Francisco: power lines, home, transfer Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 6: San Francisco, Oakland: fit in, live in, move Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 7: Los Angeles, Whittier: refrigerator, water heater, cabinet Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 8: Santa Ana, Moorpark: credit, movies, elementary school Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 9: Los Angeles, Ontario: live, move to, title Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 10: Ontario: moving to, food, trees Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 11: Los Angeles, San Francisco: college, deal, area Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 12: buy, to move, vacations Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 13: Big Bear Lake: vacation, land, location Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 14: Los Angeles, Moorpark: apartment complex, mattress, homes Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 15: Los Angeles, San Francisco: tornadoes, living, codes Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 16: San Francisco: distance, roach, winter Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 17: Los Angeles, San Bernardino: living in, moving, beach Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 18: gas, buildings, studios Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 19: Brea: what does, pics, today Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 20: Brea: shop, rated, weather Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 21: Los Angeles, San Francisco: condo, mortgage, place to live Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 23: market, snow, Colombia Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 24: to live, farmers, Wal-mart Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Page 25: vs, safety, homeless Ever worry about LA Earthquake risk? - California (CA) Demagraphics of L.A.,L.A. County,and surrounding counties: Los Angeles: Hispanic, African American - California (CA) Is this part of Cahuenga Blvd residential?: Camarillo: neighborhood, area - Los Angeles, California (CA) a school in Huntington Beach: Los Angeles, Glendale: bus, internships, train - California (CA)", "label": 0, "id": 178}
{"text": "credit: Notes of Aztl\u00e1n In Chicano history, the women who formed a vital part of social justice movements have often been swept aside; forgotten or ignored as their male counterparts receive the bulk of the praise for their collective work. Their visibility is imperative as Chicanas continue to work in social justice, fighting the good fights within various movements. \u201cChicana Tributes: Activist Women of the Civil Rights Movement\u201d aims to share those untold stories of the women who formed an important part of the movement. CREDIT: Chicana Diego State University Chicano Archive The book documents the experiences of 61 Chicanas from the \u201960s to the present who have paved the way in the fight for human rights as educators, attorneys, activists, artists and more. Some of the women featured have passed, while others remain active. Each of their stories were written by an author of their or their loved ones\u2019 choosing, creating beautiful pieces that bring together women for the purpose of honoring women. The project came about by the Chicano Archive Committee at San Diego State University, which works to document the people and historical events that have occurred around the Chicano movement. Committee members and co-editors Sonia Lopez and Rita Sanchez selected the women featured in \u201cChicana Tributes\u201d to document what they believe is missing from the history books. \u201cThese stories need to be told so people can know that some of the things they take for granted, a lot of people fought for,\u201d says Lopez. \u201cMost of the time, the men are the ones who are recognized. Any advancement in the Chicano community, the credit is mostly given to the men.\u201d Lopez, a longtime activist and educator, was the first person to teach a Chicana history class at San Diego State back in 1972. Back then, she found a need to address Chicana issues, and still sees the need today. \u201cThere\u2019s still not enough information on Chicanas that have contributed to history, society and the community,\u201d she says. \u201cThey need to be recognized.\u201d Among the women featured are ACLU leader Norma Chavez, Laura Rodriguez, matriarch of the National Historic Landmark Chicano Park, Charlotte Hernandez Terry, the first woman to paint a mural at Chicano Park, and Delia Moreno, who along with her daughters form Trio Moreno, which played protest trio music during important events in the Chicano movement. In telling the stories of these trailblazers, Lopez says young women will have one more book they can see themselves in, which is necessary as there are few books that offer that. Especially as the women featured have overcome many struggles in their life and come out on top. \u201cIt\u2019s amazing that these women still had the courage and resilience in spite of all their hardships,\u201d Lopez says. \u201cWe\u2019re trying to teach people this is life. Life is a struggle. Part of becoming who you are is a struggle. And for us, especially, as Mexicanas on this side of the border. We chose the word \u2018chicana\u2019 to define our own identity, tell our history, tell our story and tell our roots. By reading this story people will learn, people will appreciate and feel inspired.\u201d \u201cI think young women today are looking for role models,\u201d she adds. \u201cI don\u2019t feel that we have enough role models out there of people that are doing things or have done things to inspire, to motivate. With this book, young women can see that it\u2019s possible to do. The groundwork has been laid by the women featured in this book.\u201d READ: This Chicana Is Taking Over The Instagram Page Of A Major Art Museum To Show Off Chicano Art Wanna share this story with friends? Make sure to hit that share button!", "label": 1, "id": 217}
{"text": "An FBI agent was reportedly injured when a flash grenade detonated Wednesday in a New York City parking garage. Officials told NBC's local affiliate in New York that one person was taken to Bellevue Hospital to receive treatment for burns on his hand. The agent was handling the device when it went off, officials said. Witnesses told the New York Daily News that they called 911 after hearing a small explosion and seeing smoke coming from the back of a federal building that houses the FBI and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.", "label": 0, "id": 523}
{"text": "President Donald Trump announced Wednesday that his administration \u201cwill be taking strong action today\u201d to address what he complained are especially weak border security protections that must be addressed by Congress and the construction of a border wall. \u201cOur Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW!\u201d Trump wrote on Twitter. \u201cThe Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked.CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.\u201d Trump\u2019s online post, which did not come with further details as to what steps his administration would take, came one day after he announced that he would deploy U.S. troops to guard the southern border with Mexico until his promised border wall is completed. White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said later Tuesday that Trump\u2019s plan would mobilize the National Guard, which his two immediate predecessors had also done along the U.S.-Mexico border, and also press Congress to take steps to close \u201cloopholes\u201d in the nation\u2019s immigration laws. Sanders did not say when or how many troops Trump would mobilize or where they would be deployed. The president has been especially preoccupied with border security this week, seemingly agitated by a group of migrants, mostly from Honduras, that was making its way north through Mexico, past immigration checkpoints and military bases, en route to the U.S. Trump said Tuesday that that group had been broken up by Mexican authorities, who he said did so only after he demanded they act. More broadly, Trump has struggled to get traction in Congress for his border security priorities, namely that the border wall he promised during the 2016 campaign would be paid for by Mexico. Democrats have thus far been largely unwilling to go along with plans for the president\u2019s wall. Trump has complained loudly about what he has called their obstructionism and has urged the Senate GOP leadership to do away with the chamber\u2019s legislative filibuster, something Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has vowed never to do.", "label": 0, "id": 96}
{"text": "ISIS is \"dreaming that Hillary Clinton becomes President. ISIS, their number one dream, Hillary Clinton, let her become President. She's the one that allowed it to form, she's the one that watched it go, now they say it's in 32 countries, worse than ever.\" A dozen interviews with ISIS extremists and a review of their social media networks by Foreign Affairs magazine found that the terrorist group has a strong preference in the 2016 election: they'd like to see Donald Trump elected, not Clinton. Fact checkers have also reviewed Trump's repeated claim that ISIS' rise is directly Clinton's fault and declared it to be false.", "label": 0, "id": 280}
{"text": "At news conference with Baltic leaders on April 3, 2018, President Trump said he will send the U.S. military to the Southwest Border. (Photo: Screen -SPAN) (CNSNews.com) - Continuing a series of tweets on lax border security Wednesday, President Donald Trump promised quick action: \"We will be taking strong action today,\" he promised, without getting specific. His full tweet, coming shortly after 7 a.m., read: \"Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp; Canada are very strong. Congress must change these Obama era, and other, laws NOW! The Democrats stand in our way - they want people to pour into our country unchecked.CRIME! We will be taking strong action today.\" On Tuesday, Trump said he plans to send the U.S. military to guard the border with Mexico: \u201cWe have very bad laws for our border, and we are going to be doing some things \u2014 I\u2019ve been speaking with General Mattis \u2014 we\u2019re going to be doing things militarily,\u201d said Trump at a White House meeting with leaders of the Baltic nations. \u201cUntil we can have a wall and proper security, we\u2019re going to be guarding our border with the military,\" he said. \"That\u2019s a big step. We really haven\u2019t done that before, or certainly not very much before.\u201d Since Easter Sunday, when Fox News and The Drudge Report featured news about a caravan of Central Americans making their way to the United States through Mexico, Trump has issued a dozen tweets on border security. On April 3, he tweeted: The big Caravan of People from Honduras, now coming across Mexico and heading to our \u201cWeak Laws\u201d Border, had better be stopped before it gets there. Cash cow NAFTA is in play, as is foreign aid to Honduras and the countries that allow this to happen. Congress MUST ACT NOW! WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! On April 2: As ridiculous as it sounds, the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Border back where they came from. A whole big wasted procedure must take place. Mexico &amp; Canada have tough immigration laws, whereas ours are an Obama joke. ACT CONGRESS Honduras, Mexico and many other countries that the U.S. is very generous to, sends many of their people to our country through our WEAK IMMIGRATION POLICIES. Caravans are heading here. Must pass tough laws and build the WALL. Democrats allow open borders, drugs and crime! DACA is dead because the Democrats didn\u2019t care or act, and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon. No longer works. Must build Wall and secure our borders with proper Border legislation. Democrats want No Borders, hence drugs and crime! Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTA.They have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic. With all of the money they make from the U.S., hopefully they will stop people from coming through their country and into ours, at least until Congress changes our immigration laws! Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large \u201cCaravans\u201d of people enter their country. They must stop them at their Northern Border, which they can do because their border laws work, not allow them to pass through into our country, which has no effective border laws. Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation, use Nuclear Option if necessary, to stop the massive inflow of Drugs and People. Border Patrol Agents (and ICE) are GREAT, but the weak Dem laws don\u2019t allow them to do their job. Act now Congress, our country is being stolen! On April 1: Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat) laws like Catch &amp; Release. Getting more dangerous. \u201cCaravans\u201d coming. Republicans must go to Nuclear Option to pass tough laws NOW. NO MORE DACA DEAL! Mexico is doing very little, if not NOTHING, at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Border, and then into the U.S. They laugh at our dumb immigration laws. They must stop the big drug and people flows, or I will stop their cash cow, NAFTA. NEED WALL! These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA. They want in on the act! Read More Please support CNSNews today! (a 501c3 non-profit production of the Media Research Center) DONATE", "label": 0, "id": 68}
{"text": "LAS VEGAS \u2014 Warning: Videos that appear in this article may include graphic content Despite rumors, Las Vegas authorities still believe only man was responsible for killing at least 59 people and injuring 527 after he opened fire on an outdoor concert late Sunday. It is now the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Around 10 p.m. local time, a gunman opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival from inside the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino across the street. SWAT teams quickly surrounded the concert and the casino, and officers used explosives to get into the hotel room where the suspect was inside, authorities said. The gunman, identified as 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, was found dead. Police believe he killed himself prior to their entry. Overall 23 guns, including a number of long rifles, were found in his room, Las Vegas Police Undersheriff Kevin McMahill told CNN. Paddock is from Mesquite, Nev., about 80 miles northeast of Las Vegas. Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo says Paddock first checked into the hotel on Sept. 28. Authorities obtained a search warrant for the home of Stephen Paddock in Mesquite, Nevada. Authorities stormed the house, which is in an upscale neighborhood, on Monday afternoon. They closed a two-block stretch around the house in a neighborhood that has a community clubhouse with a tennis court and a billiard room. Las Vegas police say they found 19 firearms in the house. Three SWAT team trucks and a bomb squad truck accompanied police. Authorities are asking that anyone with possible photos or video from the incident call 1-800-225-5324. Police say they located 62-year-old Marilou Danley, who was initially wanted as a person of interest in this incident. Danley, who was out of the country at the time, is not believed to have been involved in the shooting. Paddock's brother Eric told reporters that Danley is his brother's girlfriend. There was no immediate word on the motive for the bloodbath. Lombardo said authorities believe it was a \u201clone wolf\u201d attack. Without providing evidence, the Islamic State claimed the attack, saying the shooter converted to Islam months ago. FBI officials later disputed this report, saying that there is no known link between the suspect and any international terror group. Mesquite police also searched the suspected gunman's home. At a press conference, authorities say they seized in excess of 18 additional firearms, in additional to some explosives and several thousand rounds of ammo. Another residence in Northern Nevada is about to be searched by SWAT teams, police said. Eric Paddock, who lives in Florida, told the Orlando Sentinel: \u201cWe are completely dumbfounded. We can\u2019t understand what happened.\u201d Eric Paddock told WESH that \"it's like an asteroid has hit the family,\" and that the family has \"no reason, rhyme, rationale\" for the attack. They say he had no criminal past and no group affiliation. The Paddock family says the alleged shooter was a multi-millionaire real estate investor. Eric shared an image of himself with Stephen, pictured below, from 15 years ago. Two Las Vegas police officers are being treated at a local hospital for injuries they sustained during the shooting, Lombardo said. In addition, the sheriff stated that there were off duty officers attending the concert who died, including a LVMPD officer. Country music star Jason Aldean was performing at the end of the three-day festival when the gunman opened fire. Video of the shooting then showed Aldean stopping and the crowd getting quiet as if they were unsure of what had just happened. The gunman paused and then fired another volley of muzzle flashes from the gold glass casino as more victims fell to the ground while others fled in panic. (Warning: Viewers may find the video below upsetting.) Terrifying video from the scene shows people panicking at the sound of rapid gunfire and screaming as they scrambled to escape. Some hid behind concession stands, while others crawled under parked cars. As the 22,0 fans in the crowd began to flee, witnesses reported seeing flashes of light coming from the Mandalay Bay tower high above. A witness, only identified as Christine, describes the horrifying moment: \"We saw Jason run off stage, and people all over on the floor the grassy area in front of the stage, someone falling, someone screaming and running,\" she said. \"The shots just kept coming, and so we were going down and when we got down, there was a man that was shot right there, he was all bloody and unconscious.\" Monique Dumas said that everyone instantly crouched when they heard the shots. \"It seemed there was a pause in the gunfire and the people in the yellow shirts were telling the people to 'go, go, go, go' . the gunfire never ended, it seemed like it went on and on and on,\" she said. A nurse who was off-duty witnessed the scene described it. Storme Warren described watching the chaos erupt once people began to run for their lives, saying: \"We stepped over the bodies, we saw the people, we saw the heart-wrenching sadness from relatives grabbing hold of their loved ones.\" Flights in and out of Las Vegas' McCarran Airport were also held because of the situation. Aldean took to social media to say he and his crew are safe, adding: \"Tonight has been beyond horrific.\" President Donald Trump tweeted: \"My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!\" Later in the day Monday, President Trump called the shooting \"an act of pure evil,\" and praised first responders. He said he will travel to Las Vegas on Wednesday. The Mayor of Las Vegas Carolyn Goodman tweeted: \"Pray for Las Vegas. Thank you to all our first responders out there now.\" \"While the sun is shining in Las Vegas, it is a very dark and black day,\" Goodman said at a Monday press conference. The mayor also confirmed that a city hall employee was among the dead. A prayer vigil is scheduled for 5:00 p.m. local time in front of Las Vegas City Hall. Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval tweeted, calling the attack a \"heinous act of violence.\" Lt. Gov. Mark Hutchinson told reports that all victims who had been transported to University Medical Center of Southern Nevada survived the injuries sustained in the shooting. \"If you were alive and went into UMC hospital last night, you are still alive,\" said Hutchison. UMC is the only Level I trauma center in the state of Nevada. MGM Resorts, the owners of the Mandalay Bay Casino, tweeted: \"Our thoughts &amp; prayers are with the victims of last night's tragic events. We\u2019re grateful for the immediate actions of our first responders.\" Facebook has set up a crisis response page to help people establish whether their loved ones are safe. One distraught witness told reporters \"this kind of stuff cannot happen in America.\" \"We need to come together and fight for America, because this is our country, this is our nation, this is our people, we need to stand together to fight this thing out,\" he said. 49 people were killed when a gunman opened fire at the Pulse nightclub in Orlando in June 2016. Orlando Police Chief John Mina tweeted condolences for all those affected by the mass shooting in Las Vegas, saying in part: \"This community, and the men and women of OPD, know all too well the anguish that is gripping the residents, visitors and law enforcement community in Las Vegas.\" The U.S. Homeland Security Department says there is no \u201cspecific credible threat\u201d involving other public venues in the U.S.", "label": 0, "id": 497}
{"text": "Louis Smith was found guilty of a breach of British Gymnastics\u2019 Standards of Conduct Through their bullying demands for submission to their dogma they are destroying the very liberties on which our democratic society is based. A disturbing example of this trend can be seen in the case of British gymnast Louis Smith, who was punished this week by officialdom for showing insufficient reverence towards Islam. The action against him by his professional body British Gymnastics arose after a video emerged of Smith and fellow gymnast Luke Carson joking about the religion at a private wedding in a Northamptonshire hotel. In the footage which caused the furore Carson mimicked the Islamic prayer practice and shouted \u201cAllah Akbar\u201d, while Smith laughed at his antics. For this behaviour Smith has been turned into a pariah. He has received death threats from jihadists and vilification from the media. On Tuesday a disciplinary panel at British Gymnastics suspended him from competition for two months and warned him that the reprimand will stay on his record for two years. Smith committed no legal offence. Louis Smith holds his Member of the British Empire (MBE) medal in 2012 He did not physically hurt anyone but in today\u2019s Britain he is guilty of a thought crime by daring to indulge in religious satire. It is like a modern version of the Cromwellian regime that existed in the 17th century with its determination to crack down on any signs of heresy, only now the faith held to be sacred and inviolable is not Protestantism but Islam. In this new climate of creeping totalitarianism any mockery of the Muslim faith, even in private, will not be tolerated. The anachronistic law against blasphemy was meant to have been swept away in 2008 but the offence has returned with a vengeance due to the accelerating Islamification of Britain. Louis Smith has effectively been treated as a blasphemer against Islam and is now forced to undergo public penitence for his sins. He was hauled up in front of ITV\u2019s Loose Women, who had decided to appoint themselves as the guardians of the new official orthodoxy. One panellist, TV presenter June Sarpong, was ferocious in her condemnation, accusing Smith of racism, xenophobia and prejudice. But this goes to the heart of the problem with this case. His critics pretend that any kind of criticism of Islam is a form of racism or bigotry. Ola Jordan and Louis Smith on Strictly Come Dancing In the same vein Muslim leaders constantly talk of \u201cIslamophobia\u201d if any of their religious sensitivities are challenged. But Islam is not a race, it is a belief system, and like all faiths it should be open to questioning, censure or humour. The idea that any religion, especially one as controversial as Islam, should be above debate is repugnant. Religious freedom is one of the cornerstones of our civilisation. The alternatives are absolutist theocracy and violent sectarianism, precisely the characteristics of too many Muslim societies in the Middle East and Asia. In the wake of the Louis Smith incident the Muslim Council of Britain predictably bleated about \u201cIslamophobia\u201d, arguing that British society must \u201crealise the need for people to follow their faith with dignity\u201d. The council should also recognise the need to abide by the values of our country, one of which is open discourse free from clerical tyranny. It is disgraceful that British Gymnastics, like so many other craven public authorities, is eager to do the work of the zealots. By punishing Smith they are effectively endorsing the hardliners. The chief executive Jennie Allen said that competitors such as Smith and Carson should \u201cuse their profile to have a positive impact on sport and communities\u201d. Louis Smith in training The implication is that athletes must suspend their own opinions and instead act as evangelists for the ruling doctrine of political correctness. Equally offensive are the grotesque double standards. British Gymnastics and the media would have never worked themselves up into such a froth of phoney indignation if Smith had mocked Catholic prayer rituals. In fact Christianity is subject to constant attacks and satire without any demands for disciplinary action. Joking about the Christian faith has long been a key ingredient of British comedy from Dave Allen to Father Ted. Nor does the state show much respect for Christian sensibilities, as highlighted by the case where a firm of devout bakers in Belfast was fined for refusing to make a cake with a political slogan in favour of gay marriage. The reason for this hypocrisy is simple: Islamic grievances and demands for special treatment come cloaked with the menace of violence. \u201cOur religion will not be mocked\u201d is a threat, not a plea. Tue, July 31, 2012 All the best pictures of British artistic gymnast Louis Smith Louis Smith with his silver medal The intimidation is real, as shown by the relentless catalogue of global slaughter against those deemed to have offended Islam. But instead of defending our freedoms, Western rulers wallow in desperate appeasement dressed up as tolerance. The determination to punish Louis Smith is the flipside of officialdom\u2019s impulse to surrender, as shown in the growing acceptance of sharia courts. As for Smith himself, he has embarked on a tour of abject repentance, visiting a number of mosques where he claims to have discovered \u201cthe true meaning behind the religion of peace\u201d. In those words there is a chilling echo of the end of George Orwell\u2019s novel 1984: \u201cHe had learnt to love Big Brother.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 430}
{"text": "Imagine spending your life not only in a cage but in a dark recess of someone\u2019s basement. This was a reality for a poodle named B.B., who was rescued from a North Carolina puppy mill by animal workers with the Humane Society of the United States. When she was found last September, B.B. was tiny and had clearly been impregnated over and over again. \u201cShe was very tiny, and she looked like this helpless creature,\u201d said Jessica Lauginiger, animal crimes manager at HSUS. Upon being rescued, B.B. was transported to Cabarrus Animal Hospital along with the animals. However, she captured the attention of Brenda Tortoreo, the establishment\u2019s receptionist. Tortoreo told The Dodo: \u201cB.B. was in a corner. She looked pitiful. She was scared to death\u2026 And I said, \u2018That\u2019s the one I\u2019m going to take home.\u2019\u201d Because B.B. spent her entire life in a tiny cage, she didn\u2019t know what to make sense of freedom at first. \u201cI put B.B. down on the floor, and she kept going in circles \u2014 not running, but walking,\u201d Tortoreo said. \u201cI guess that\u2019s all she knew to do. I put her in the living room, and to go into the hallway, she would not cross that border [between rooms]. I have two granddaughters who live with me, so I would put her in one of my granddaughters\u2019 rooms, and she was terrified of rugs. She just wanted off the rug.\u201d The puppy had never seen the sun, so that was new, as well. \u201cShe never knew what sun was,\u201d Tortoreo explained. \u201cShe didn\u2019t know what grass was, and she was terrified of it.\u201d However, space, plenty of cuddles, and an excess of love have resulted in B.B. slowly understanding that her life before was anything but normal. \u201cShe runs around the house,\u201d said Tortoreo. \u201cShe\u2019s eating like crazy \u2014 she was originally about 3 and a half pounds, but I think she\u2019s maybe about 10 pounds now. She loves the grass now, and she loves playing with the other dogs in the backyard.\u201d \u201cAbout three weeks ago she started licking me \u2014 she\u2019d never done that before,\u201d Tortoreo added. \u201cShe\u2019s really come out of her shell. She\u2019s my little princess.\u201d She had spent her entire life in a tiny cage, being impregnated repeatedly. \u201cShe was very tiny, and she looked like this helpless creature.\u201d After being taken to Cabarrus Animal Hospital, B.B. was adopted by a receptionist named Brenda Tortoreo. \u201cB.B. was in a corner\u2026 She looked pitiful. She was scared to death\u2026\u201d \u201cAnd I said, \u2018That\u2019s the one I\u2019m going to take home.\u2019\u201d However, because she spent her entire life in the dark and in a tiny cage, B.B. was confused. \u201cI put B.B. down on the floor, and she kept going in circles \u2014 not running, but walking.\u201d \u201cI guess that\u2019s all she knew to do.\u201d \u201cShe never knew what sun was\u2026 She didn\u2019t know what grass was, and she was terrified of it.\u201d After receiving plenty of love and freedom, B.B. now runs around the house. \u201cShe\u2019s really come out of her shell. She\u2019s my little princess.\u201d What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news!", "label": 0, "id": 190}
{"text": "Attorney General Jeff Sessions warned Tuesday that sanctuary cities in the U.S. will lose millions in grant money if they do not comply with federal agents' efforts to deport undocumented immigrants. Sessions issued a statement announcing new requirements for local governments that wish to receive money from a federal grant program called the \"Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Programs.\" The rules require local governments to alert the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) at least 48 hours before releasing inmates from local jails who are wanted by DHS agents. It also requires local governments to allow DHS agents to enter local jails and interview inmates suspected of being undocumented immigrants. \"So-called sanctuary policies make all of us less safe because they intentionally undermine our laws and protect illegal aliens who have committed crimes,\" Sessions said in his statement. \"These policies also encourage illegal immigration and even human trafficking by perpetuating the lie that in certain cities, illegal aliens can live outside the law.\" \"We must encourage these 'sanctuary' jurisdictions to change their policies and partner with federal law enforcement to remove criminals,\" Sessions added. Sessions has been a fierce advocate for cracking down on illegal immigration. \"These long overdue requirements will help us take down MS-13 and other violent transnational gangs, and make our country safer,\" he said. The new requirements will apply to cities seeking grants starting in September.", "label": 0, "id": 516}
{"text": "SEATTLE - The Las Vegas Metro Police Department (NVMPD) released new body camera video on Friday from its investigation into the encounter with officers and Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett. Bennett in early September accused Las Vegas police of racially motivated excessive force, saying he was threatened at gunpoint and handcuffed following a report of gunshots at an after-hours club at a casino hotel. Michael Bennett calls police confrontation a 'traumatic experience' Michael Bennett promises to donate $25K to Harvey victims Bennett, who has recently remained seated during the national anthem prior to football games, posted a statement to Twitter detailing his side of the story. &gt;&gt; See photos here frame-by-frame from when Michael Bennett was put in the back of a police car The NVMPD first gave a news conference in early September about the accusations, saying there was no evidence Bennett was detained because of his race. On Friday, the sheriff reported no evidence of excessive force, and he showed the controversial interaction between Bennett and officers. According to the department, officers were investigating an active shooter call \u2014 which turned out to be false \u2014 and Bennett running quickly prompted a chase. The chase ended with the controversial encounter. Scroll down below to read expanded sections on what happened. Related coverage The events leading up to the encounter The Las Vegas Police Department has shared body camera video during a news conference of the scene that unfolded outside and inside the casino-hotel, The Cromwell and Drai Nightclub, leading up to the incident with Bennett on August 27. The video shows officers responding to an active shooter call, which turned out to be false. According to police, a stanchion was knocked over during a fight, which prompted reports of a shooting. As officers investigated, patrons panicked as they tried to leave the building. Video shows people screaming and scrambling to get out of the casino and others trying to hide. See video of when chaos unfolded, and scroll down to keep reading. In the body camera video, officers can be heard telling people to leave casino. Thousands of people were in the area at the time of the active shooter call, according to police. Bennett was crouched down as officers approached, and then he quickly ran, and jumped over a ledge onto busy Flamingo Boulevard. This led officers to chase him and order him to the ground, police said. Watch the video of his interaction with officers while in the back of a police car below. Scroll down to read Bennett's letter. After digging into 861 tapes, police released new body camera video on Friday that showed officers putting Bennett in the back of the police car. Bennett is panicked, asking what he did wrong, and pleading to be let go. Sheriff Joe Lombardo said the video shows some claims that Bennett made were not true, such as a gun being held to his head. Lombardo said that while officers had a gun in hand while putting Bennett in cuffs, it was not directed at his head. As for the claims officers said they would, \"blow his ******* head off,\" Lombardo reports his department found no evidence of that. What Bennett says in his letter Bennett wrote in his letter that he was visiting Las Vegas to watch the Mayweather-McGregor fight, and he was on the way to his hotel when he was detained. According to Bennett's statement, police ordered him to the ground at gunpoint, jammed a knee into his back and handcuffed him so tight that his fingers went numb. According to Bennett, one officer placed a gun near his head and warned him if he moved his would \"blow his ******* head off.\" In his letter, Bennett called it an excessive use of force, simply because he was a \"black man in the wrong place at the wrong time.\" Read his full letter below, and scroll down to watch video of part of the encounter. A brief video obtained by TMZ Sports surfaced just hours after the letter. It showed part of the encounter between police and Bennett, where he lay on the ground as an officer puts him in handcuffs. \u201cI wasn\u2019t doing nothing, man,\u201d Bennett is heard saying in the video. \u201cThey told us to get out and everybody ran.\u201d Bennett's attorney on the encounter Bennett's attorney, John Burris in Oakland, California, said he believed the TMZ 30-second video clip showed some of how his client was treated. \"We think there was an unlawful detention and the use of excessive force, with a gun put to his head,\" Burris told The Associated Press. \"He was just in the crowd. He doesn't drink or do drugs. He wasn't in a fight. He wasn't resisting. He did nothing more or less than anyone in the crowd.\" Burris said Bennett waited to make public his account of the incident until after Burris contacted Las Vegas police last week by letter and email, seeking police records of Bennett's detention. What NVMPD say about 'bias-based policing' In addition to explaining the events leading up to the encounter, police commented on social media commentary that the detention was motivated by race. \u201cMany of the folks . have called this an incident of biased-based policing \u2026 police officers focused solely on the race of an individual \u2026 I can tell you as I stand here today I see no evidence of that,\u201d said NVMPD Undersheriff Kevin McMahill. \"In fact as you may have noticed, while officers were searching the casino they were able to evacuate many patrons of all races. It\u2019s also important for me to note to you both of the officers involved in this incident in question are of Hispanic origin,\" McMahill said. McMahill invited Bennett and his legal team to make a formal statement to the officers. According to McHill, after his detention, Bennett told officers that he understood the events that led to the incident. He did mention to police that he had an issue with the officer who held a gun to his head. In their second news conference, Lombardo commended the officers for following their training, and he called them heroic for running into a possible active shooter situation. One of the officers involved in the incident did not have his body camera activated. About Bennett as an advocate Bennett is one of the 200 NFL players who didn\u2019t participate in the national anthem over the weekend in the wake of President Donald Trump suggesting the NFL bar players from kneeling in protest. The entire Seahawks team also didn\u2019t participate during the anthem and sat out in the lockerroom before their game against the Tennessee Titans. Over the last year, Bennett has been a leader of the national anthem protests started by former 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick. Before President Trump\u2019s comments on the NFL, Bennett gave this reason for his protesting: \u201cI have always held the strong conviction that protesting or standing up for justice is just simply the right thing to do. This fact is unequivocally, without question, why before every game, I sit during the national anthem \u2013 because equality doesn\u2019t live in this country, and no matter how much money you make, what job title you have or have much you give, when you are seen as a \u2018n*****,' you will be treated that way.\" Pete Carroll supports his players and Bennett. At a news conference on Monday, Carroll told reporters he understands why people are upset with the protests, but he hopes that they listen. \"It is not about denigration of the flag or our country,\" Carroll said. \"We all can learn what we want to learn out of this, but I hope we learn about empathy.\" \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 445}
{"text": "Donald Trump could win the US election next November 8 This question is entirely rhetorical because the BBC and its crew of analysts and right-on comedians have told us already: America will be engulfed by a tidal wave of sexism, racism and xenophobia; the dollar will collapse and with it the global economy; by the end of his first week Trump will be so drunk with power that he\u2019ll make a clumsy pass at some White House intern, miss and accidentally press the red button which triggers a nuclear war\u2026 Call me an optimistic fool but I don\u2019t believe any of this nonsense. Not only do I think that a Donald Trump presidency would be far less disastrous than a Hillary Clinton one but I\u2019d even suggest \u2013 albeit cautiously \u2013 that the world might become a better, safer, more prosperous place. The world could be safer if Donald Trump wins against Hillary Cliton Let me stress that Donald Trump is by no means my dream candidate for the post of the next leader of the free world. I perfectly well accept that he is a vulgar, rude, bullying, ignorant, sexist chancer who entered the presidential race on a whim and may end up getting the job only by default. But Donald Trump has at least two massive qualities in his favour. The first is that he is not Hillary, a corrupt, ailing serial fibber with a dubious track record (from the Whitewater financial scandal to Benghazi, where her negligence may have resulted in the murder of the US ambassador) and a snooty contempt for the law demonstrated most by the FBI investigation into her hidden emails. And the second is that he is not a paid up member of the Washington DC establishment. Trump, not unlike Nigel Farage, is the voice of the ordinary bloke or woman who has had just about enough of the remote, spoilt, anti-democratic political elite. Yes, America is a very different place from Britain but there are definitely echoes in the US presidential campaign of the tensions which led so many of us to vote for Brexit. While America\u2019s rich have got richer, living standards for its working folk have remained stagnant for decades. This is at least in part because of a cosy stitch-up between the governing elite \u2013 lawyers, corporations, politicians and the overmighty US central bank the Federal Reserve \u2013 which has entrenched its own power by making it almost impossible for those lower down to climb the ladder. Adding to these financial pressures are the frustrations caused by mass illegal immigration and also by the liberal elite\u2019s obsession with political correctness, which has led to a woefully bad state education system, an increase in Islamist terrorism and a burning sense of injustice, especially among blue-collar Americans that they can\u2019t speak their minds and that their country is no longer their own. Mrs Clinton is a corrupt, ailing serial fibber with a dubious track record Trump\u2019s proposed solutions \u2013 build a wall on the Mexican border to stop immigration, ban Muslims(!), protect American jobs with tariff barriers on imports, hammer the Federal Reserve, stop wasting gazillions of dollars pretending to \u201ccombat\u201d climate change \u2013 may be impetuous and in some cases extreme. But the point is here at last is a politician bold enough to address the real and pressing problems that most of his contemporaries have preferred to brush under the carpet. While Obama has fiddled during his eight years as president the world has burned: the Middle East crisis has worsened; terrorism has proliferated; Russia and China have flexed their muscles; the eurozone has stagnated; the refugee problem has got out of control; and almost nothing has been done to address the underlying economic problems that led to the 2008 crash. If Hillary gets in, it will be more of the same. Trump on the other hand is a radical who might actually press the reset button. Tue, November 8, 2016 The top photos following the campaign journey of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump in the US Elections 2016 US Elections 2016 in pictures Take Russia: for the Washington establishment it\u2019s the world\u2019s biggest geopolitical threat with Putin being painted as the new Stalin. But Trump just isn\u2019t interested in prolonging the Cold War, let alone provoking a Third World War. He sees Putin as a flawed man with whom he can nonetheless do business. This will appal those who just want to focus on Putin\u2019s human rights record but may come as a relief to those who would prefer to have Russia as an awkward ally rather than as a belligerent, chippy basket case on Europe\u2019s doorstep. Donald Trump giving the thumbs up Trump is the voice of the everyday folk in America Let\u2019s hope this strategy works because one of the bigger worries about Trump is his view on Nato: he has even suggested \u2013 against Nato policy \u2013 that if one of its member states were attacked, America wouldn\u2019t necessarily go to its defence. This is one of those areas where you have to hope that the wiser counsels of his advisers will prevail. That said, it would be no bad thing if Trump\u2019s remarks about Nato members failing to pull their weight were to concentrate the minds of European governments, ours included, on the woeful neglect of our defence budgets. No one is pretending that Trump is the dream presidential candidate but then we\u2019ve just had eight years of the \u201cdream\u201d one \u2013 or so the slavish liberal media kept telling us \u2013 and he was useless. Maybe the time has come for someone who really does want to make America great again. And if we\u2019re lucky perhaps a little bit of that optimism will rub off on the rest of us too.", "label": 1, "id": 428}
{"text": "After another week of violence and mayhem, it's clear Hillary Clinton's controversial assessment of Trump's fans was, well, generous.", "label": 1, "id": 633}
{"text": "The NFL\u2018s position after commissioner Roger Goodell\u2018s news conference Wednesday was clear: The league wants its players to stand for the national anthem. However, it appears there will be no rule passed to force that issue. Goodell had a news conference at the NFL\u2019s fall meetings that lasted about 20 minutes and almost every question was related to the anthem and player protests. Goodell\u2019s main talking point was that the NFL also will listen to its players about social issues and wants to be a part of the solution. Everyone was focused on what will happen at NFL games with the national anthem, which has become the most divisive issue among fans that the league has seen in a long time. \u201cWe believe everyone should stand for the anthem,\u201d Goodell said. \u201cThat\u2019s an important part of our policy, it\u2019s also an important part of our game that we all take great pride in. It\u2019s also important for us to honor our flag and our country and we think our fans expect us to do that.\u201d The best outcome for the NFL would be for the players to stop protesting without the league making a rule change. Goodell sounded like the league hopes that if it keeps working with its players to help with their issues, with racial equality and law enforcement reform, then perhaps the protests will end. \u201cThe fact is, we have about a half a dozen players that are protesting,\u201d Goodell said. \u201cWe hope and we\u2019re going to continue to work to try to put that at zero. That\u2019s what we\u2019d like to do. But we want to make sure we\u2019re understanding what the players are talking about, and that\u2019s complex.\u201d The number Goodell cited seems low, considering seven San Francisco 49ers players alone took a knee for last Sunday\u2019s anthem, and as many as 30 49ers players were taking a knee two weeks ago. But it appeared he wanted to make it a point that it\u2019s not as widespread of an issue as it is being made out to be. Goodell was asked why the NFL wouldn\u2019t make it a rule to stand. New York Giants owner John Mara told the Daily News that the league has no plans to make a rule about standing for the anthem. \u201cWe believe our players should stand for the national anthem. That\u2019s an important part of our game and our moments, and we believe in that,\u201d Goodell said. \u201cI think we also have to keep focus on this: We have about six or seven players involved in this protest at this point. This is something, what we\u2019ve tried to do is we\u2019ve tried to deal with the underlying issue and understand what it is they\u2019re protesting and try to address that matter. The important thing for us is to be able to do that and take that opportunity to make real differences in our community. That is really what\u2019s ultimately going to be the important aspect for us long term. Because this is a long-term issue. \u201cI understand the way our fans feel about this issue, and we feel the same way about the importance of our flag, the importance of patriotism, and I believe our players feel that way. The will state to you and they have stated to everyone publicly, they\u2019re not doing this in any way to be disrespectful to the flag, but they also understand how it\u2019s being interpreted.\u201d Goodell was also asked about the latest tweet from President Donald Trump about the NFL. The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem. Total disrespect for our great country! Goodell said he has not talked to Trump about the anthem issue. \u201cWe respect our country, respect our flag, respect our national anthem,\u201d Goodell said. \u201cI think you look at our clubs and what they do on a daily basis, look at our players and what they do and how they participate in that, we all feel very strongly about our country and our pride.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 536}
{"text": "Could Trump's Missing Signature Force Him to Be Deposed? Immunity Deal Shows Value of CFO in Prosecution. MCCAIN'S LONG GOODBYE. White House returns flag to half staff. Beatty, Hart, Bloomberg pallbearers. AZ Gov Aims To Please With Replacement Pick. Pope silent on claim he ignored abuse. Ex-Official: Ambassador Telling 'Truth'. Cardinals defend selves over cover-up storm. Diocese buys $2.3M home for retiring bishop. NAmerica's 1st sex doll brothel to open. Shocking trend: Pet owners abuse own animals to get drugs. Silicon Valley Takes Another Step Toward Autonomous Flying. Robot strawberry pickers could end need for human workers. Bot hunts fish. Droid butlers coming to Miami hotel. Missouri first state to regulate use of word 'meat'. STUDY: Air pollution causes 'huge' intelligence reduction. Burning Man: 10 hours to get in! Whiteouts, high winds, dust storms cause festival to stop entry. Photos. How to be human: The man who was raised by wolves. PAPER: Saudi Arabia's barbaric plan to behead human-rights activist. After driving ban ends, women taste thrill of speed. Provocative Erdogan statue erected for German art festival. SAfrica Civil War? White Farmers, 'Black Hitler' Willing To Die Over Land. FRONT PAGES UK THE PAPERS WORLD HEADLINES BOXOFFICE TV RATINGS ABCNEWS ADWEEK ATLANTIC AXIOS BBC BILD BILLBOARD BLAZE BOSTON GLOBE BOSTON HERALD BREITBART BUSINESS INSIDER BUZZFEED CBS NEWS CBS NEWS LOCAL CELEBRITY SERVICE C-SPAN CHICAGO SUN-TIMES CHICAGO TRIB CHRISTIAN SCIENCE CNBC CNN DAILY BEAST DAILY CALLER DEADLINE HOLLYWOOD DER SPIEGEL E! ECONOMIST ENT WEEKLY FINANCIAL TIMES FORBES FOXNEWS FRANCE 24 FREE BEACON FREE REPUBLIC HOT AIR HELLO! HILL HILL: JUST IN H'WOOD REPORTER HUFFINGTON POST INFOWARS INTERCEPT JERUSALEM POST LA DAILY NEWS LA TIMES LIFEZETTE LUCIANNE.COM MEDIAITE MOTHER JONES NATION NATIONAL REVIEW NBC NEWS NEW REPUBLIC NEW YORK NY DAILY NEWS NY OBSERVER NY POST NY TIMES NY TIMES WIRE NEW YORKER NEWSBUSTERS NEWSMAX PEOPLE PJ MEDIA POLITICO RADAR REAL CLEAR POLITICS REASON ROLL CALL ROLLING STONE SALON SAN FRAN CHRON SKY NEWS SLATE SMOKING GUN TALKING POINTS MEMO TIME MAG TMZ [UK] DAILY MAIL [UK] DAILY MAIL FEED [UK] DAILY MIRROR [UK] DAILY RECORD [UK] EVENING STANDARD [UK] EXPRESS [UK] GUARDIAN [UK] INDEPENDENT [UK] SUN [UK] TELEGRAPH US NEWS USA TODAY VANITY FAIR VARIETY WALL STREET JOURNAL WASH EXAMINER WASH POST WASH TIMES WEEKLY STANDARD WORLD NET DAILY ZERO HEDGE Marquee Republican Races Set to Test Loyalty to President. McCain Death, Florida Shooting Cast Shadows. Enraged Student Arrested After Snatching MAGA Hat Off Classmate's Head, Slapping Teacher. STOCKS SMASH RECORD ON NEW NAFTA. TENSIONS WITH MEXICO EASE. ANOTHER VICTORY FOR JARED KUSHNER. Global Car Sales Hit Speed Bump After Decade of Growth. Inside world of 'DARK TOURISM' with trips to nuke zones. FBI Pursuing 'Con Queen' Impersonating Top Hollywood Execs. The dog that went vegan. Dull Skin? Restless Sleep? There's Drink for That. Czech PM calls for no illegals in Europe. Tourists shocked as migrants unload on beach. Broadcaster defends not covering grim murder by refugee. TROUBLES: BUZZFEED asks audience for donations. Pittsburgh becomes largest city WITHOUT daily print newspaper. Crippling costs of war reporting and investigative journalism. Leading journalists join call for EU copyright reform. GREENWALD: Trump is NOT a singular evil. THIEL: President Only Republican Who Isn't 'Zombie'. ROGER STONE: I'LL BE INDICTED. CASHIN: Stock market betting on Pence should legal issues take dark turn. Summer Snow Blankets Montana, Idaho, Wyoming. Farmers' Almanac predicts 'teeth-chattering' winter. 'Global-Warming' Advocates Pressure Media to Silence Skeptics. Supersonic without the boom. Return of commercial faster-than-sound travel? NYC Housing Authority employees accused of using projects for wild orgies. Supervisors, subordinates, residents. 3 AM GIRLS CINDY ADAMS MIKE ALLEN BAZ BAMIGBOYE DAVE BARRY FRED BARNES MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD BIZARRE [SUN] BRENT BOZELL DAVID BROOKS PAT BUCHANAN HOWIE CARR MONA CHAREN CNN: RELIABLE SOURCES [NY DAILY NEWS] CONFIDENTIAL DAVID CORN ANN COULTER LOU DOBBS MAUREEN DOWD LARRY ELDER JOSEPH FARAH RONAN FARROW SUZANNE FIELDS ROGER FRIEDMAN BILL GERTZ JONAH GOLDBERG GLENN GREENWALD LLOYD GROVE HANNITY VICTOR DAVIS HANSON STEPHEN HAYES HUGH HEWITT KATIE HOPKINS DAVID IGNATIUS LAURA INGRAHAM INSIDE BELTWAY RICHARD JOHNSON ALEX JONES MICKEY KAUS KEITH J. KELLY KRISTOF KRISTOL KRUGMAN HOWIE KURTZ MARK LEVIN DAVID LIMBAUGH RUSH LIMBAUGH RICH LOWRY MICHELLE MALKIN ANDREW MCCARTHY DANA MILBANK PIERS MORGAN DICK MORRIS PEGGY NOONAN PAGE SIX ANDREA PEYSER POLITICO MORNING MEDIA POLITICO PLAYBOOK BILL PRESS WES PRUDEN REX REED RICHARD ROEPER JIM RUTENBERG MICHAEL SAVAGE GABRIEL SHERMAN BRIAN STELTER ROGER STONE CAL THOMAS TV NEWSER JEFF WELLS GEORGE WILL WALTER WILLIAMS BYRON YORK China Withholding Samples of Dangerous Flu Virus From USA. Russia biggest war games in four decades; 300,0 troops. Northeast Set to Sweat With Temps Near 100 Degrees. Tropical Atlantic About to Wake Up? Redford rides into sunset. How Venice Film Fest Re-emerged as Oscar Launching Pad. SECESSION: Redstone Civil War Heats Up Again As Daughter Prepares To Take Control. Deaths from drugs, alcohol, suicide now outpace diabetes. 1 in 7 adults on pot. 1 in 20 use e-cigs. Half Americans can't pay for basic needs? Scientists discover mysterious new type of human brain cell. Alec Baldwin to Play BATMAN Father as 'Trump-Like Figure'. Gamer Targeted Competitors, Walked Past Patrons. Strange online persona. Had been hospitalized for mental illness. Fate of 22 grizzly bears up to judge's decision. Should trophy hunters be allowed to kill? Teen Suits Up As Varsity Football Team's First Female Player. ESPN Anchor 'Angry' Tiger Woods Refused to Attack Trump. Massive fish die-off creates smelly mess in Malibu. AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE AP TOP AP RADIO BLOOMBERG DEUTSCHE PRESSE-AGENTUR INDO-ASIAN NEWS SERVICE INTERFAX ITAR-TASS KYODO MCCLATCHY [DC] PRAVDA PRESS TRUST INDIA PR NEWSWIRE REUTERS REUTERS POLITICS REUTERS WORLD XINHUA UPI YONHAP GOOGLE NEWS SEARCH DRUDGE RECENT DRUDGE HEADLINES. WEATHER ACTION QUAKE SHEET VISITS TO DRUDGE 08/26/2018 021,630,090 PAST 24 HOURS 845,089,325 PAST 31 DAYS 10,626,276,451 PAST YEAR DRUDGE REFERENCE DESK EMAIL: DRUDGE@DRUDGEREPORT.COM BE SEEN! RUN ADS ON DRUDGE REPORT. PRIVACY POLICY.", "label": 0, "id": 434}
{"text": "President Donald Trump is calling on NFL players once again to stand during the national anthem. He tweeted Saturday that players should stand on Sunday, saying they should respect the U.S. flag and country. More than 200 players either knelt or used other means as expressions of unity last weekend. NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said such actions are not a protest against the anthem or the flag. The players knelt last weekend in response to social injustice. Full teams, along with some team owners, linked arms either before or during the anthem. Three teams \u2014 Pittsburgh, Seattle and Tennessee \u2014 did not take the field until after the anthem. Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow, and always, for the playing of our National Anthem. Respect our Flag and our Country!\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 30, 2017 Trump had earlier called on NFL owners to fire players who didn't stand for the anthem. Previously, Trump also said National Football League team owners are \"afraid of their players.\" Earlier this week, he called for action against those who kneel during the national anthem to protest racial injustice. Trump said he began criticizing the players because he has \"so many friends that are owners.\" He added: \"I think they are afraid of their players, if you want to know the truth, and I think it's disgraceful.\" The president spoke in an interview that aired Thursday on \"Fox and Friends.\" He says \"most people agree\" with him. NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart called the president's statements \"inaccurate.\" \"I believe there was a statement our owners are afraid of our players and owners requested intervention by political leaders to kick this off,\" Lockhart said. \"Those statements are not accurate.\" Trump has spent days attacking players who kneel during the anthem. He insists the NFL should require players to stand. Responding to Trump, hundreds more players have been sitting, kneeling, locking arms or remaining in locker rooms. If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL,or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect.\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017 .our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 23, 2017 \"The owners are clearly united in a sense that the attacks on the game, on the NFL, on the players were unfair and unfounded, and that there was unity among the group,\" Lockhart said, noting that about two-thirds of the 32 team owners were at league headquarters this week for committee meetings. \"I think there was also a sentiment . that the issues are being obscured and distorted by people with political agendas,\" Lockhart said. \"I think they made it clear they support our players, but also support our country, the national anthem, the flag\u2014all of the things some have suggested we don't.\" The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 387}
{"text": "It will be only a matter of days before the Democratic Party press in America starts taking up the suggestion of Chancellor Merkel of Germany that we seek with North Korea a pact of appeasement like the one the Obama administration engineered with the ayatollahs at Iran. \u201cI could imagine such a format being used to end the North Korea conflict,\u201d Frau Merkel told the Frankfurter Allgemeine. Were Germany asked to participate, the chancellor warned, she would say yes \u201cimmediately.\u201d This is a devilish demarche, coming, as it does, at a time when the American administration is seeking to demonstrate its resolve against North Korea\u2019s atomic bomb program. Frau Merkel\u2019s interview is calculated to short-circuit any refusal on President Trump\u2019s part to certify Tehran\u2019s compliance with the Obama-Khomeini pact. It is dog-whistling to the New York Times, which is no doubt scrambling to get aboard the Merkel appeasement. Let\u2019s see if it can bring aboard Mr. Trump\u2019s newest pal, Senator Schumer. New York\u2019s senior senator, now the minority leader, played a double role in the drama on the Iran appeasement. Ostensibly he opposed the pact. Yet he refused to take a leading role in the fight against it, even when opponents sought to have have the pact itself put to a proper vote. In other words, he took a powder. That was all the more disappointing because it was clear that if the pact had been put to the Senate it would have been rejected. This point is acknowledged even by the Times, which concedes that the Iran pact was opposed in the Congress \u201coverwhelmingly.\u201d The Gray Lady suggests that \u201cmany critics now see its value,\u201d though its editorial fails to name any such critics. Germany, of course, never gave a fig about what the Congress thought of the pact. And why should it have? The Obama administration took the unratified deal straight to the United Nations, where Ambassador Power voted against the Congress of her own country. \u201cIt\u2019s presumptuous of some people to suspect that France, Russia, China, Germany, Britain ought to do what the Congress tells them to do,\u201d Secretary of State Kerry snickered. President Putin must have loved that line. Frau Merkel, in any event, isn\u2019t waiting for any formal nod in respect of what President Trump wants to do about the Iran deal \u2014 or about North Korea. She\u2019s prepared to leap right into a negotiated settlement with Pyongyang that would, if Iran is any guide, leave its communist camarilla not only entrenched but richer to boot. This is a moment for President Trump to remember the 30 American states that lofted him to office. The platform on which he stood described the Iran deal as a \u201cpersonal agreement\u201d between President Obama and his negotiating partners. It described it as \u201cnon-binding on the next president.\u201d Mr. Trump himself promised to \u201crip up\u201d the agreement. That he has grounds to do so was underscored last week at Washington by his envoy at the United Nations, Governor Haley. She is a better tribune of American interests than Chancellor Merkel. receive the latest by email: subscribe to the new york sun's free mailing list", "label": 1, "id": 355}
{"text": "Some time back it was reported that an alert Maryland police officer saw an Islamic woman in an SUV videotaping a bridge\u2019s support structures. He arrested the driver, Ismail Elbarasse\u2014a Hamas and Muslim Brotherhood operative. An FBI raid on Elbarasse\u2019s home unearthed a trove of Islamic doctrinal books and key Muslim Brotherhood documents\u2014which became evidence in the largest terrorism-financing trial in U.S. history. Islam\u2019s books are \u201cthe real bomb,\u201d Muslim reformer Islam al-Behery said. Its ideology is \u201cits blueprint\u201d for world domination. A document from the Elbarasse raid outlines the Muslim Brotherhood\u2019s phased plan to destroy Western civilization from within: Phase One: Secret establishment of leadership. Phase Two: Gradual public profile by infiltrating government, the judiciary, finance, intelligence, police, prisons, military, education and religious institutions. Phase Three: Escalation prior to conflict and confrontation with rulers using mass media. Phase Four: Publically confront the government using political pressure. Weapons training domestically and overseas in anticipation of zero-hour. Phase Five: Seize power to establish the Islamic state. Other documents outline the plan to replace the U.S. Constitution with sharia (Islamic law). Sharia is based on the Quran and other Islamic writings. Moderates see it a spiritual struggle, or outwardly observe it for fear of reprisal. But for radicals, sharia is the legal and political foundation for jihad and global rule, a power play to force Islam on the world. The D.C. based Center for Security Policy calls it a \u201ctotalitarian ideology\u201d controlling all legal, political, military, economic and social life. No other laws or governments may coexist with sharia. It\u2019s primarily political, not religious; though in America it masks itself as a religion to manipulate the First Amendment as a front for seditious activity. The Quran requires all Muslims to wage jihad (holy war) against infidels (non-Muslims). Jihad calls for multiple stages and platforms\u2014violent and pre-violent. An Elbarasse memorandum calls the pre-violent \u201csettlement process\u201d in North America \u201ccivilization jihad\u201d to destroy the Western way of life. In jihad\u2019s final, violent stage, non-Muslims convert or die. Though jihad is obvious in North America and Europe, it\u2019s not limited to the West. The phased plan is a template for radical Muslim subjugation. Indonesia, a secular, mostly moderate Muslim-majority democracy, is a case in point. Its motto, \u201cUnity in Diversity\u201d reflects its six religions and 300 ethnicities. Though religious parties\u2019 gains in national elections have been paltry, locally elected Islamists passed more than 400 sharia ordinances, according to economist.com. Christian incumbent Basuki Tjahaja \u201cAhok\u201d Purnama lost a recent governor\u2019s race when radical Islamists told Muslim voters that Islam forbids voting for Christians. A video of Ahok\u2019s rebuttal was edited to appear he was insulting the Quran. Charged with blasphemy, he lost the election and was sentenced to jail. $107 Billion Treasure Found From WW2! You Won't Believe Where It Was Stashed Ahok\u2019s conviction\u2014accompanied by violent rallies and death threats, shows the chilling influence on pluralism by \u201chardline Islamism that the government and judiciary are reluctant to oppose,\u201d said Time reporter Nicola Smith. In Indonesia, radical Islamists have advanced their plan for global dominance to Phase Four. Then there\u2019s Iran, whose visceral anti-Semitism and poisonous ideology infuses jihad and sharia, but with a twist. The late Ayatollah Khomeini, and his successor, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, sidestepped Shi\u2019a believe that the Mahdi (12th Imam), a quasi-messianic figure, must return before waging jihad and adopted an ideology promoting a senior Shiite cleric to theocratic political power over Shiites worldwide. Khomeini offered himself as successor to the 12 Imams, thus \u201cinheriting the mantle of leadership directly from Muhammad,\u201d said expert Clare Lopez. Khomeini inserted his doctrine into the 1989 constitution, in which the regime\u2019s objective is global conquest under sharia rule and nuclear dominance is a surefire path to achieve that goal. Iran and its proxies not only menace Israel\u2019s existence and portend regional upheaval, the \u201cbomb\u201d of Islamist ideology threatens the lives and freedoms of every sovereign nation in the world. Reprinted with author\u2019s permission from Jerusalem Post", "label": 1, "id": 528}
{"text": "With the end of his second term on the horizon, President Obama spoke to 60 Minutes this week, reflecting on his achievements -- and on the problems not yet solved. At the top of that list is the protracted crisis in Syria, where more than 250,0 people have died, according to UN reports, and some 12 million have been forced from their homes. Correspondent Steve Kroft asks President Obama about the lack of progress in Syria, but Obama says improvement takes time. \"In a situation that is as volatile and with as many players as there are inside of Syria, there aren't any silver bullets,\" he says. One of those players, Kroft points out, is Russia, which recently stepped up airstrikes and naval bombardments in support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. President Putin \"is challenging your leadership, Mr. President,\" Kroft says. Obama disagrees. \"Steve, I've got to tell you, if you think that running your economy into the ground and having to send troops in in order to prop up your only ally, is leadership, then we've got a different definition of leadership,\" he says. Kroft and Obama discuss domestic issues as well, including gun violence. At a press conference after last week's mass shooting in Roseburg, Oregon, Obama urged the country to do more to prevent these tragedies. In the unaired clip below, Kroft asks the president if he can personally make a difference. Obama acknowledges that his options are limited. \"We are running out of administrative actions that could really move the needle in reducing gun violence in this country,\" he says. At the same time, he adds, \"it is not realistic to think that this Congress will pass any common sense gun safety legislation.\" But that doesn't mean a public outcry can't effect change, Obama says. \"The most important thing I can do right now is just to keep on lifting up the issue and saying, 'It doesn't have to be this way,'\" he tells Kroft. \"I genuinely believe that.\" The two-part interview also touches on the 2016 presidential race, and the candidates on both sides of the aisle. Kroft asks the president what he thinks of GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. \"He is, you know, the classic reality TV character,\" Obama says. \"At these early stages, it's not surprising that he's gotten a lot of attention.\" As to whether that attention will evaporate, the president declines to speculate. \"I'll leave it up to the pundits to make that determination,\" Obama says. \"I don't think he'll end up being president of the United States.\" At different moments in the interview, the president turns reflective, taking stock of his time in office and eyeing the year ahead. In the unaired clip below, he tells Kroft that, at this point, he's learned to trust his instincts. \"The nice thing about being a veteran in anything is your fear kind of goes away,\" he says. \"There's no doubt I'm better at this job now than I was when I started.\" At the end of the interview, Kroft asks Obama if he's glad he can't run for president again. Obama says he feels a mixture of satisfaction at what he's accomplished and a desire to still do more. \"But by the time I'm finished, I think it will be time for me to go,\" he says, adding that new blood in the White House is essential for a healthy democracy. \"Do you think if you ran again, could run again, and did run again, you would be elected?\" Kroft asks. \"Yes,\" says Obama, without missing a beat.", "label": 0, "id": 287}
{"text": "\u201cIn fourteen hundred and ninety two, Columbus sailed the ocean blue\u2026. Today, Christopher Columbus is celebrated as a mythical hero by some \u2013 complete with songs, poems, and fictional tales about his great adventure across the Atlantic to explore the majestic land that would eventually be known as the Americas. There are fifty four communities named after the explorer in the United States, including the District of Columbia. \u201cHail, Columbia\u201d was the United States\u2019 unofficial national anthem until 1931. A federal holiday, \u201cColumbus Day,\u201d is celebrated every second Monday in October. Despite all of this, historians have begun to tear down the Columbus myth: That he discovered America. That he proved the world wasn\u2019t flat. ( That had been well-known for more than a millennium in Columbus\u2019 time. In fact, scholars had a pretty good idea of what the circumference of the Earth was, which was part of the dissent against Columbus making his trip- Columbus thought Asia was bigger than it is and the world much smaller, leading one of the scholars commissioned by the monarchy to investigate the plausibility of Columbus\u2019 journey succeeding to say, it was \u201cimpossible to any educated person\u201d). That he came to America in the name of exploration. And, finally, that he came in peace. Quite simply, most of these \u201cfacts\u201d are unequivocally false or half-truths. Columbus sailed the ocean blue to look for wealth and, officially, in the name of Christianity. What he mostly did, though, was enslave and rape the natives he met, sold girls (as young as nine by his own account) into prostitution, and committed numerous acts so heinous that he was forcibly removed from power and sent back to Spain in chains. Christopher Columbus was brutal, even by the standards of his age, leading Bartolome de las Casa, who accompanied Columbus on one of his voyages, to write in his The History of the Indies, \u201cSuch inhumanities and barbarisms were committed in my sight as no age can parallel\u2026 My eyes have seen these acts so foreign to human nature that now I tremble as I write.\u201d In August 1492, Columbus departed Spain with three ships \u2013 the Santa Maria, the Pinta, and the Santa Clara (nicknamed \u201cthe Nina\u201d). After two months on the high seas, land was spotted. Now, before they had left, King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella had promised to whoever spotted land first a reward of a silken jacket and an annuity of ten thousand maravedis. The lookout on the Pinta was Rodrigo de Triana and he was the first to spot land. He shouted to the rest of the crew down below, and the Pinta\u2019s captain announced the discovery with cannon fire. When it came time to receive the reward though, Columbus claimed he actually saw a light in the distance several hours prior to Triana\u2019s shout, \u201cbut it was so indistinct that I did not dare to affirm it was land.\u201d The reward reportedly went to Columbus. Upon landing on the island, which he would call San Salvador (present-day Bahamas), Columbus immediately went to work finding gold and enslaving the native populations. Specifically, Columbus, upon seeing the Arawaks (the peoples of the region) come out of the forests frightened of the men with swords, but bearing gifts, wrote in his journal, They do not bear arms, and do not know them, for I showed them a sword, they took it by the edge and cut themselves out of ignorance. They would make fine servants . . . with fifty men we could subjugate them all and make them do whatever we want. As other European visitors would observe, the Arawaks were legendary for their hospitality and their desire to share. Again saying Columbus about the Arawaks, \u201care so naive and so free with their possessions that no one who has not witnessed them would believe it. When you ask for something they have, they never say no. To the contrary, they offer to share with anyone.\u201d Columbus quickly took advantage of this. Seeing that they wore gold studs in their ears, he rounded up of a number of Arawaks and had them lead him to where gold was. The journey took them to present day Cuba and Haiti (but Columbus thought it was Asia), where they found specks of gold in the river, but not the enormous \u201cfields\u201d Columbus was expecting. Nonetheless, he wrote back to Spain saying that, \u201cThere are many spices, and great mines of gold and other metals.\u201d This report earned him financing for a second voyage, this time with 13 ships and twelve hundred men. While he never ended up filling up these ships with gold, he filled them with another \u201ccurrency\u201d and one that would have a horrendous effect on the world going forward \u2013 slaves. In 1495, Columbus arrived back in the New World and immediately took 1500 Arawaks as prisoners. Of those 1500, he picked 500 to be shipped back to Spain as slaves (about two hundred died on the journey back), starting the transatlantic slave trade. The rest were forced to find what little gold existed in the region. According to noted historian Howard Zinn, anyone over 14 had to meet a gold quota. If they didn\u2019t find enough gold, they would have their hands cut off. Eventually, when it was realized there wasn\u2019t much gold in the region, Columbus and his men just took the rest as slaves and put them to work on their newly established estates in the region. Many natives died and their numbers dwindled. In the 15th century, modern historians believe there were about 300,0 Arawaks. By 1515, there were only 50,0 left. By 1531, 600 and by 1650, there were no longer any full-blooded Arawaks left on the islands. The way Columbus and his men treated the women and children of these populations was even worse. Columbus routinely used the raping of women as a \u201creward\u201d for his lieutenants. For example, here\u2019s an account from one of Columbus\u2019 friends and compatriots, Michele de Cuneo, who accompanied Columbus on his second journey to the New World, on what Michele did to a native \u201cCarb woman.\u201d Michele wrote that, While I was in the boat I captured a very beautiful Carib woman, whom the said Lord Admiral [Columbus] gave to me, and with whom, having taken her into my cabin, she being naked according to their custom, I conceived desire to take pleasure. I wanted to put my desire into execution but she did not want it and treated me with her finger nails in such a manner that I wished I had never begun. But seeing that (to tell you the end of it all), I took a rope and thrashed her well, for which she raised such unheard of screams that you would not have believed your ears. Finally we came to an agreement in such manner that I can tell you that she seemed to have been brought up in a school of whores\u2026 Going further, Columbus wrote in a letter from 1500, A hundred castellanos are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm, and it is very general and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls; those from nine to ten are now in demand. As illustrated in a recently discovered 48 page report found in the Spanish archives written by Francisco De Bobadilla (charged with investigating Columbus\u2019 rule at the behest of Queen Isabella and King Ferdinand, who were troubled by allegations of some of Columbus\u2019 acts), a woman who verbally insulted Columbus\u2019 family was stripped naked and made to ride around the colony on a mule. After the trip was done, her tongue was cut out by the order of Columbus\u2019 brother, Bartolom\u00e9, who Columbus then congratulated for successfully defending the family\u2019s honor. Needless to say, these and numerous other such acts ultimately resulted in De Bobadilla having Columbus removed from power and sent back to Spain in chains. After Columbus came, and was forced out, the Spaniards continued his policy of enslavement and violence. In 1552, the Spanish historian and friar Bartolome de las Casas published multiple volumes under the title The History of Indies. In it, he described the collapse of the non-European population. Casas writes that when the men were captured and forced to work in mines looking for gold, rarely if ever returning home, it significantly impacted the birth rate. If a woman did give birth, she would be so overworked herself and malnourished, that she often could not produce enough milk for the baby. He even reported that some of the women \u201cdrowned their babies from sheer desperation.\u201d There are lot more examples, writings, and research that points to one fact \u2013 Christopher Columbus was a lamentable individual. Nobody\u2019s perfect- if we restricted celebrated individuals to those who didn\u2019t have any major flaws, we\u2019d have few humans to celebrate- and it\u2019s extremely important to view things in the context of the time individuals lived in. But even in his age, many of his acts were considered deplorable by his peers, which is in no small part why Columbus was arrested for his conduct in the New World. Combined with his truly historic and widespread impact being incidental to what he was actually trying to do (so a little hard to celebrate him for even that side of his life), maybe it is time that we let go of the myths we learned about Christopher Columbus in elementary school and stop celebrating Columbus, the man. If you liked this article, you might also enjoy our new popular podcast, The BrainFood Show ( iTunes, Spotify, Google Play Music, Feed), as well as: Bonus Fact: Not surprisingly, due to these many sexual encounters with the natives, STDs ran rampant in the region in Columbus\u2019 time. Further, while it is still somewhat up for debate if Columbus and his crew brought syphilis to the New World or if they brought it from the New World to Europe (the latter generally being the favored theory), what isn\u2019t argued is that Columbus inadvertently quickened and widen the spread of these dangerous diseases on both sides of the Atlantic. Syphilis became a huge problem, historians nicknaming it the \u201cscourge of the Renaissance,\u201d throughout the Americas and Europe. For more on this, see: Why Native Americans Didn\u2019t Wipe Out Europeans With Diseases Expand for References", "label": 0, "id": 144}
{"text": "As seen on Fox &amp; Friends Former FBI Asst. Director: Original Clinton Probe 'Not a Real Investigation' Fmr CNN Executive Reacts to Donna Brazile-Hillary Debate Question Leak On \"Fox &amp; Friends\" this morning, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn (Ret.) reacted to the \"unbelievable tragedy\" of two Iowa police officers being gunned down in their squad cars. \"The assault on our law enforcement professionals in this country is out of control,\" Flynn said. He said that the leadership in our country needs to come out and say, \"This has got to end.\" Flynn, a Donald Trump supporter, said that the law enforcement community is reaching out to the Republican presidential nominee because he's willing to speak up on their behalf. \"This is just another tragedy, another example of the lack of safety that we have in our streets and in our country for these police officers.\" What do you think? Let us know in the comments. What Did Clinton Campaign Chair Mean By 'Dump Emails' Before Subpoena? Krauthammer: Clinton 'Drowning in Cumulative Effect' of WikiLeaks, FBI Probe Gutfeld on Clinton 'Sexism': Hillary 'Looks Out for Only Herself'", "label": 0, "id": 210}
{"text": "Mike Vanderjagt's brief run as a middle-school soccer coach is on the ropes. The former Indianapolis Colts kicker has been suspended from that role after a March incident in which Vanderjagt allegedly grabbed a student by the throat at Charter Middle School in Marco Island, Fla. (Darron Press) The Naples Daily News reported Thursday that Vanderjagt, a school parent, was investigated by police for attacking a student who taunted him with cries of \"wide left, wide left\" through a rolled-up piece of poster board doubling as megaphone. Flashback: Vanderjagt missed a game-changing field goal attempt at the end of the Colts' AFC Divisional playoff loss to the Pittsburgh Steelers in January 2006. According to police, Vanderjagt was crossing the school's parking lot when he heard the taunts. The student told authorities the former kicker \"walked up to him, grabbed him by the throat and started cursing at him.\" Vanderjagt told police he simply placed his hand on the child's shoulder. He claimed a mouthy band of students had been issuing the insults for months. Vanderjagt admitted growing tired of the taunts. Police went so far as to file the incident with the State Attorney's office, which ruled that no charges would be issued against Vanderjagt. He has apologized to the student and currently awaits word from the school's principal about his coaching future. In the meantime, this former NFL kicker is running a pizza joint on Marco Island. Strange days, indeed.", "label": 0, "id": 295}
{"text": "SACRAMENTO, Calif. (KCRA) \u2014 California is now one step closer to becoming sanctuary state. The Assembly Judiciary Committee approved Senate Bill 54 on Wednesday along party lines -- with eight Democrats voting in favor and three Republicans opposed. Under the proposed bill, ICE agents would be prohibited from entering county jails unless they have a warrant. Get the full story in the video above.", "label": 0, "id": 385}
{"text": "Much of the ugliness we see on the Left today is embodied in groups like Black Lives Matter and ANTIFA. Both groups think they are oppressed, both are obsessed with identity politics, and both are steeped in Marxist ideologies. You\u2019d think that they would get along just fine but that\u2019s not the case. People who have their identities wrapped up in victimhood are narcissistic by nature. They want the spotlight at all times, and can\u2019t stand to see someone else hog it. So it was probably just a matter of time before these two groups clashed. Odd Trick To \"Fix\" Sagging Skin In Seconds (Try This Tonight)", "label": 1, "id": 185}
{"text": "Judge Tosses Out Cop\u2019s Case Against Black Lives Matter Remember when we told you how an injured officer sued the Black Lives Matter movement and DeRay McKesson after getting shot by Gavin Long in the infamous July 17, 2016 attack in Dallas? The cop, who only goes by John Doe Smith, was shot in the head and through the intestine during the attack that claimed two police lives and wounded several others. He blamed Black Lives Matter for their presence on the scene \u201cinciting violence\u201d to cause Gavin to snipe the cops, and sought damages to the tune of $75,0 for his surgery bills. The thing is\u2026 Black Lives Matter is a movement, not a specified group of people or a business. So there\u2019s really no one in particular to sue. According to TMZ, the judge ultimately dismissed the case due to the fact that BLM is a social movement, and McKesson as an individual was only using his first amendment right by appearing at the protest \u2014 not inciting anyone to commit any acts of violence. It\u2019s truly unfortunate what happened to his officer, but you can\u2019t blame the peaceful protestors on the scene exercising their rights for the reckless actions of one disturbed individual.", "label": 0, "id": 467}
{"text": "Sex-trafficking is happening in nearly every city and in every state in the U.S. In an all-new Crime Watch Daily in-depth investigation, we take you inside the epidemic that has exploded in recent years. Human trafficking is defined in the simplest terms as the exploitation of another person through force, fraud or coercion. The average age of trafficking victims entering the sex trade world is 13 years old. According to Mary Mazzio's documentary I Am Jane Doe, there are more than 1.6 million homeless or runaway kids on the streets of America, and up to 15 percent of them have fallen victim to sex-trafficking. \"That's hundreds of thousands of children every day, and that's only the homeless and runaway population,\" said Mazzio. HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN LOS ANGELES Crime Watch Daily rode along with a group of undercover deputies from the L.A. County Sheriff's Department as they busted men looking to hook up with underage girls. TRAFFICKING IN HOUSTON In Houston, Texas, one woman is tackling the problem from a very different angle. She's not a sex worker -- not anymore. \"I know what it's like to be more afraid to go home than you are to get in a car with a stranger,\" said former trafficking victim Rebecca Bender. Bender become a victim for nearly six years, traded between three different traffickers in all. She says it was only after police busted her trafficker for tax evasion that she was able to finally break free. But it would take years to get her life back on track. After a decade free from the life, Rebecca Bender is about to go back on the streets, posing as a sex worker to expose just how big the problem may be in your town. TRAFFICKING DELUNA Much like the heroin epidemic we are now facing, sex-trafficking is a massive problem in the United States. These are not just women being brought in from other countries. We're talking about teens, or even younger, being recruited from middle schools and high schools in just about every city in America. So far we've taken you undercover on sex-trafficking stings and you've see some cities that have become sex-slave hubs. Crime Watch Daily interviews a young woman lured into the sex-trade world and how it's now landed her in prison doing serious time. Lizette Deluna ran from abuse at home into the arms of a sex-trafficker. Now she's in prison in Texas, convicted of trafficking herself. How did she get there? She share her journey exclusively with Crime Watch Daily. TRAFFICKING IN DEKALB COUNTY Crime Watch Daily teams up with law enforcement agencies all over the country who are cracking down on the illegal sex trade business. On the streets of Georgia, we encountered an alleged pimp that was more than happy to talk to us. TARGETING ONLINE CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING No matter where we went, there seemed to be one name that kept coming up: Backpage.com. Operating in more than 900 cities worldwide, the online classifieds website commands, by some estimates, more than 80 percent of all online sex ad revenues. And it's through those ads that many allege the company has knowingly permitted the sale of underage children. \"The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children has stated that at least 73 percent of all reports to them, of online sex trafficking, where does it happen? Backpage.com,\" said I Am Jane Doe filmmaker Mary Mazzio. Just recently, under pressure from the U.S. Senate, Backpage did shut down its adult section in the United States. The company itself may be worth more than $500 million, and by some estimates, 99 percent of that global income comes from illicit ads. For their part, Backpage claims no responsibility for what they call third-party content. But in a series of new civil suits brought by former victims, attorney Erik Bauer claims Backpage actually helped edit the ads to make them appear more legitimate. Not long ago, Backpage CEO Carl Ferrer, along with former owners Michael Lacey and James Larkin were actually brought up on pimping charges by former California Attorney General and current U.S. Senator Kamala Harris. Crime Watch Daily Correspondent Melissa McCarty was there during their latest arraignment. They ignored our questions, but considering the serious nature of the charges, we had to keep trying. Is freedom of speech more important than protecting children being forced into prostitution? Is there some type of moral responsibility that technology companies and CEOs have? No comment from the men or their attorneys. The judge granted Crime Watch Daily exclusive access inside the courtroom for the proceedings, where ultimately the defense requested a delay. While they wait for the next hearing, Carl Ferrer is released on a $500,0 bond, while Larkin and Lacey get out on $250,0 bonds. \"We have lost all common sense,\" said Mary Mazzio. \"If you had a site that said 'Murder for Hire,' do you seriously think the American public would stand for that, that a federal jurist would stand for that? But because it's prostitution, it's 'Pretty Woman,' it's the victimless crime, it's the world's oldest profession, you know what -- not that big of a deal.\" So is there a solution? Can awareness alone help stop the problem? And just how many more lives will be stolen for sex? RESCUING A TRAFFICKED DAUGHTER The parent and the pimp. How far will one dad go to rescue his girl from the clutches of a criminal? \"Say no to drugs. Stay in school.\" These are the things brad smith thought to teach his daughter. But there was one threat that never even crossed his mind. This is not a victimless crime. And to all the \"johns\" out there feeding the illegal sex trade, you can be sure that law enforcement and Crime Watch Daily will not stop until you are in handcuffs. RESOURCES The National Child Traumatic Stress Network has resources for mental health professionals, law enforcement personnel, health care professionals, and survivors on the signs of trafficking and services for human trafficking survivors. Children of the Night is a privately funded non-profit organization established in 1979 and dedicated to rescuing America\u2019s children from the ravages of prostitution. GenerateHope provides a safe place for survivors of sex trafficking to be restored through long-term housing, healing, psychotherapy and education. Since recovery from sexual exploitation is a long-term process, GenerateHope provides individualized support to work through past trauma until the women reach the ability to live independently and become a positive influence on their communities and future generations. Help fight trafficking by uploading photos of your hotel room. These photos will be used to determine where perpetrators of sex trafficking are committing their crimes. #HumanTrafficking #SexTrafficking #SexCrimes #SexualAssault #Prostitution #Rape", "label": 0, "id": 256}
{"text": "President Donald Trump's nominee for federal judge in Alabama was just approved by every Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee \u2014 even though he was unanimously rated \"not qualified\" by the American Bar Association. Brett J. Talley is 36 years old, has only practiced law for three years and made a series of partisan comments on his blog in 2016 that would normally be considered unbecoming of a judge, like referring to the Democratic presidential candidate as \"Hillary Rotten Clinton,\" according to the Los Angeles Times. Although Talley does have degrees from the University of Alabama and Harvard Law School and clerked for two federal judges, he has never argued a motion, making it nearly unprecedented for him to be considered as a candidate for a lifetime appointment. One of Talley's most controversial statements was a blog post in which he claimed that President Barack Obama was \"about to launch the greatest attack on our constitutional freedoms in our lifetime.\" He added, \"The object of that war is to make guns illegal, in all forms.\" After a commenter wrote that Americans would \"resort to arms when our other rights \u2014 of speech, press, assembly, representative government \u2014 fail to yield the desired results,\" Talley said he agreed with him. When asked about these statements by the Senate Judiciary Committee, Talley said he was merely \"trying to generate discussion. I wanted people to be able to use my blog to discuss issues, to come together and find common ground.\" The president has directly praised Talley as being an \"untold story\" that \"nobody wants to talk about.\" \"When you think of it, Mitch [McConnell] and I were saying, that has consequences 40 years out, depending on the age of the judge,\" Trump said in October. \"But 40 years out.\" One other factor that may have contributed to Talley's nomination: He was mentored by Sen. Luther Strange of Alabama and worked in the Justice Department office that chooses judicial nominees. Talley isn't the only Trump judicial nominee who has been the subject of raised questions. Charles Goodwin, who was nominated to the federal bench in Oklahoma, was the first judicial nominee since 2006 to receive a \"not qualified\" label from the American Bar Association. Jeff Mateer, who was nominated to the federal bench in Texas, aroused controversy by referring to transgender children as proof of \"Satan\u2019s plan\" and denounced the Supreme Court decision legalizing gay marriage as \"disgusting.\" John Bush, who was confirmed to the 6th Circuit Court of Appeals, wrote a blog post arguing that slavery and abortion were the \"two greatest tragedies in our country.\"", "label": 1, "id": 44}
{"text": "And the Trump chronicles continue. Presidential hopeful Donald Trump said he supports creating a mandatory database to track Muslims in the United States. \u201cI would certainly implement that. Absolutely,\u201d Trump, 69, told NBC News between campaign events on Thursday in Newton, Iowa. \u201cThere should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems.\u201d When asked by the reporter whether Muslims would be legally obligated to register in the database, the business mogul responded: \u201cThey have to be. They have to be. \u201d He said that the country\u2019s Muslims would register for the database at \u201cdifferent places,\u201d adding, \u201cIt\u2019s all about management.\u201d The comments come less than a week after terrorists wreaked havoc on the French capital, taking the lives of at least 129 people and injuring more than 300 others in a series of coordinated attacks. The attacks have prompted calls for new restrictions on accepting Syrian refugees. On Thursday, the House passed a bill to drastically tighten screening procedures on Syrian refugees, requiring key national security agencies to determine whether each Iraqi and Syrian refugee poses a threat, CNN reports. The White House vowed that President Barack Obama would veto the bill. Trump\u2019s recent comments stem from an earlier interview with Yahoo News on Thursday in which he did not reject the idea of requiring Muslims in the U.S. to register into a database or present a special ID that noted their religion. \u201cWe\u2019re going to have to look at a lot of things very closely,\u201d the 69-year-old said. \u201cWe\u2019re going to have to look at the mosques.\u201d The Council on American-Islamic Relations criticized the candidate for the comments in a statement on Thursday, and a council spokesman told NBC, \u201cWe\u2019re kind of at a loss for words,\u201d adding that the database plan is comparable to that of prewar Nazi Germany. However, when a reporter asked Trump about the difference between Muslim databases and requiring Jews to register in Nazi Germany, Trump replied, \u201cYou tell me.\u201d He did not answer when asked what consequences would be implemented for Muslims who refused to register. He later denied responding to questions regarding a potential Muslim database at all, adding that he didn\u2019t \u201cknow where you heard that.\u201d Trump isn\u2019t the only Republican to come under fire regarding comments made after the Paris attacks. Ben Carson is facing criticism for comparing blocking Syrian refugees from entering the U.S. to protecting a child from a \u201crabid dog.\u201d Meanwhile, GOP hopeful Ted Cruz has said that Obama is endangering the safety of Americans by allowing Syrian Muslim refugees to enter the U.S. However, he says, America should provide a \u201csafe haven\u201d for Christian refugees. He added that the U.S. would need to \u201cvet anyone coming in,\u201d a practice the White House called a \u201creligious test,\u201d CNN reports.", "label": 0, "id": 83}
{"text": "Sebastian Gorka, who served seven months as deputy assistant to President Trump, alongside former chief strategist Steve Bannon, sat down with Circa to talk about his time in the White House, the \"deep state,\" the future of Trump's Make America Great Again agenda and the Washington, D.C. \"bureaucratic swamp.\" Question and Answer with Sebastian Gorka: \"That's why I predict that in the near future, before Christmas probably, there will be some very high-level personnel changes in the White House that are driven by the President.\" Sara Carter: There's a lot of supporters who are concerned now that with the departure of both you and Mr. Steve Bannon, that the MAGA (Make America Great Again) agenda is gone. Is that true? Sebastian Gorka: No, not at all. I know a lot of people are worried, a lot of people that, from the base felt that November the 8th was politically a revolutionary moment. The fact that Steve left and then a week later I resigned, I always tell people \"relax.\" Count to 10. Take a deep breath. Whether or not the president's agenda succeeds isn't a function of where I sit or where Steve has an office. The president's supporters aren't just individuals who have to be inside the White House. They can be on the outside. And what, what a lot of Steve's critics didn't understand, who celebrated his resignation, Steve today is more powerful than he's ever been. It's like that scene from \"Star Wars\" when Ben Kenobi gets slain by Darth Vader. I will be more powerful than you can ever imagine. Steve Bannon is now the most powerful man outside of the Oval Office in America. I'm not joking, he is, because there are things you can do, legal things -- OK, relax Huffington Post -- there are legal things that you can do as a private citizen that you cannot do as a government employee. \"Steve [Bannon] today is more powerful than he's ever been. It's like that scene from Star Wars when Ben Kenobi gets slain by Darth Vader.\" Sara Carter: But then access to the president, that's also very important? Sebastian Gorka: Yes. Sara Carter: So when you're not in the White House, you're outside the White House, how does that affect access? Sebastian Gorka: OK. I'm not gonna give away any inside baseball, but let me give you an example. When I was deputy assistant to the president, I'd walk in and out of the Oval Office and I'd regularly see people like Corey Lewandowski, I'd see Dave Bossie in the Oval [Office] with the President. Now, neither of those individuals had a government ID card, neither of them worked for the White House, but they were in there with the president and I can assure you they weren't talking about the weather. So, one thing to know about the president, he is very loyal to those who have been loyal to him. And the idea that you can isolate Donald J. Trump from people he trusts who don't happen to be inside the building is, of course, absurd. So, the President talks to lots of different people and several of them do not work for the White House. So relax. View the slideshow Sara Carter: This brings me to your resignation letter. Sebastian Gorka: Yes. Sara Carter: In your resignation letter you state that there are people ascendant within the White House that do not support the President's MAGA agenda? Explain that, and who are these people? Sebastian Gorka: OK, so first things first, I'd like to try and explain what was special about November the 8th. And if you remember, there was a film, a great John Milius film called \"Red Dawn\" in the 80s about the Soviet Cuban invasion of America and the resistance that American patriots put up to it. The president of the United States won against the whole establishment on November the 8th. He was just accidentally the GOP's candidate. He had nothing to do with the swamp, nothing to do with the GOP, nobody took him seriously when he announced and what did he do? He proceeded to wipe the floor with 16 establishment GOP candidates and then defeat a woman who'd officially spent $700 million on a position she thought was owed to her. \"So what happened on November the 8th? It's like the wolverines from Red Dawn, a scrappy bunch of insurgents defeated the mighty empire that is the swamp.\" This is the rank outsider. So what happened on November the 8th? It's like the wolverines from Red Dawn, a scrappy bunch of insurgents defeated the mighty empire that is the swamp. As a result, when we moved into the White House, Steve, myself, the president, it was the most leveraged, hostile takeover in political history in the modern age. Because it was a small group of people that came in to run the largest government in the run. Sorry, if you add the armed forces, millions of employees. So, what happened is a natural event. In the intervening months, the establishment figures reacted to the antibodies that represent the MAGA agenda and boxed us out, tried to cut us out of the policy agenda. Fired a lot of the more junior people in the NSC. That's the point at which Steve and then later I realized look, uh, this is about eight years of President Trump and then eight years of President Pence. We have to think about the long game. And if right now we're being undermined internally, what we do is we go on the outside and we support the agenda from the outside. That's why I became the chief strategist for the Make America Great Again Coalition. That's why Steve is doing all kinds of things right now. That's why I predict that in the near future, before Christmas probably, there will be some very high-level personnel changes in the White House that are driven by the president. It's important to know, apart from [Robert] Mueller -- he's a holdover, ignore him -- every single, high-ranking or, or less than high-ranking firing in the last eight months was not driven by the president. OK? All those people fired from the NSC, [Anthony] Scaramucci, these were people who were fired by people other than the president. I think the president already realizes he's being given bad advice on key issues. The Alabama race tells you everything you need to know. And now he's going to get rid of some people who aren't on message and have nothing to do with the original agenda. Take the quiz! Sara Carter: Would one of those people happen to be Secretary of State [Rex] Tillerson? Sebastian Gorka: The President reached out to me the day after I resigned. He thanked me for my service. He said he is gonna stick to the agenda and he'd like me to support him from the outside. That's exactly what I'm doing. One of the things I promised myself I wouldn't do is attack individual members of the cabinet who aren't part of the agenda. So, I'm not gonna talk about individuals just yet, but I'll talk about principles and the fact is, um, Tucker Carlson had a segment after Steve left the White House that I think is crucial to understanding the reality of what's going on in the West Wing. I don't think Tucker Carlson is a big fan of Steve Bannon or Breitbart, I may be wrong, but he said one very trenchant thing. He said, \"Whatever you think about Steve Bannon, there's one thing that's certain. He would not be at home in a White House under Hillary Clinton.\" There are people in the administration of Donald J. Trump who not only would have been at home in a Hillary Clinton White House, they would have been cabinet members in a Hillary White House. So that's the current problem, but again, relax. It's a temporary state of affairs. \"There are people in the administration of Donald J. Trump who not only would have been at home in a Hillary Clinton White House, they would have been cabinet members in a Hillary White House.\" Sara Carter: So the president is surrounded, in your opinion, by some people that would have been comfortable in a Hillary Clinton White House and may be pushing those agendas? Sebastian Gorka: The president has this sense, and I guarantee you right now, he knows who around him is now consistently giving him bad advice and sooner or later he will make decisions to remove those people from around him. Sara Carter: Explain the \"deep state.\" Sebastian Gorka: I'm a little bit uncomfortable with the phrase \"deep state.\" I love conspiracy theories but only as entertainment. There's a reason they're called theories. Conspiracy theories kill critical thought. I prefer the phrase \"the deep state.\" The deep state isn't a conspiracy theory, it's a real thing. Let me give you an example. So, I didn't work in the NSC, I worked for Steve. I was a strategist in the office, or the chief strategist to the president. But because of my national security portfolio, I attended regular classified meetings with the NSC on whatever issue it was. The Qatar crisis, the ISIS plan, you name it. And a pattern developed in these meetings which is really disturbing and explains the permanent state. You're sitting in, a White House meeting that is the pinnacle of policy making in the most powerful nation in the world. The NSC makes national security policy. There's nothing above it apart from, you know, the President and his National Security Advisor. You sit there for an hour, an hour-and-a-half, with key members of the NSC, invited guests from the CIA, DIA, outstations from the Pentagon, you name it. And for 90 minutes on a key issue, you didn't hear the name of the president. You didn't hear mention of the president's strategic objectives, and you didn't hear mention of what he said yesterday in Warsaw or Riyadh. \"The swamp is much more. The professional bureaucratic class in America that believes that they know better than the President elected by the people of America to run this country.\" And it would be up to me, the guy with the funny accent, after 90 minutes to say, \"Uh, hey guys. Did you hear what the President said yesterday in Riyadh about ISIS? Did you hear what the President said about NATO in Warsaw?\" This is what the president wants to achieve and we're all gonna be on message, right? So what I saw is that the swamp isn't Capitol Hill. A lot of people think the swamp is the political professional class of congressmen and women. The swamp is much more. The professional bureaucratic class in America that believes that they know better than the president elected by the people of America to run this country. A GS14, a GS15 who's been at State Department or CIA for 20 years and thinks, \"Oh, I, I've been doing this for so long. I don't care what the president says about Qatar, we need to do this. I don't care what the President says about X, Y, Z, we need to do this.\" That undermines American democracy and that's the permanent state, and that's what we have to push back on if democracy is to thrive in America. Related Stories: Former WH strategist, Sebastian Gorka, hit back at the 'fake news industrial complex' Sebastian Gorka resigned from his position in the White House View the slideshow", "label": 0, "id": 67}
{"text": "\u201cThey\u2019ve forgotten about us.\u201d I don\u2019t remember where I heard this, perhaps somewhere in the small town of Blacksburg, Virginia, but the context was definitely political. The IRS is always out to get our money \u2013 of course the government hasn\u2019t forgotten about us, right? But the more I thought about it, the more I realized the meaning behind that statement. Since the founding days of the United States, a problem has always been the power balance between small states and big states. Presently, this has evolved into the local balance between rural areas and urban areas. I remember hearing in government class how just a dozen or so of the largest cities in the United States could swing the popular vote to one political party and realizing just how valuable the electoral college is to modern politics. There\u2019s no simple alternative to balancing out protecting the interests of the rural minority and forwarding those of the urban majority. From the U.S. Census: \u201cRural areas cover 97 percent of the nation\u2019s land area but contain 19.3 percent of the population.\u201d This is a huge disparity; how can state governments look out for rural counties when urban counties dominate the political sphere? For many in southwestern Virginia, it seems that politicians are always subverting rural interests in favor of the dense, northern urban areas. Even the President and many other conservatives use this idea of rural areas being left out to win votes. From his always-rambunctious Twitter account, Trump proclaimed: \u201cThe Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party. Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!\u201d In a time of great change and technology around the globe, sometimes it can feel as if rural areas are being left behind. Given this context, I\u2019d like to quickly transition to a discussion about the political frustrations surrounding the Confederate flag. The Civil War was definitely fought over slavery, but does that make the Confederate flag racist? Probably. But I\u2019d also like to consider what the Confederate flag symbolizes to many in the South. Growing up, Confederate flags were never really made out to be a big deal. I remember thinking nothing of the raised Confederate flags on the way to swim meets and camps. I remember the public outcry throughout the region when the school sent out an announcement banning Confederate attire. Even recently, right before I came to Stanford, I was driving home one night and pulled up next to a beat-up pickup truck flying two large Confederate flags at a traffic light. It felt pretty normal, albeit a little strange especially because of the earlier South Carolina flag controversy and the happenings in Charlottesville. This was the norm. The problem is just how commonplace these provocative items are in the region. These rural Southerners, a legislative minority, are painted as villains, outcasts for not seeing these items as strange in such an apparently \u201cprogressive\u201d society. This is an issue because first off, no one likes being called a villain, and secondly, to many of these people \u2013 who have seen crumbling infrastructure, a stagnating economy and skyrocketing health care premiums (one of my older teachers always complained about his wife\u2019s new insurance bill under Obamacare) \u2013 are we really that progressive? And how high should working out our flag issues be on our priorities list? Should we be arguing over a flag when there are places with exactly zero professional medical attention? I remember watching the local news and finding out that in nearby Wise County, Virginia, the only time people can receive medical attention is once a year, when a mobile clinic known as the Remove Area Medical arrives. General health is deteriorating every year as lung cancer and obesity set in. Things really aren\u2019t looking up for the people here. The fact that a colored piece of cloth is generating the most media coverage instead of a terrible healthcare crisis here is a sort of a slap in the face to the coal miner with permanent nerve damage or the diabetic who can\u2019t access insulin. We tend to separate the world into \u201cus\u201d and the \u201cother,\u201d but we fail to realize that the \u201cother\u201d may also be struggling to come to grips with the world too. There are definitely two sides to the argument, and I\u2019m not advocating for any position. There are many parts of the country that need work. Racism is a huge problem that we need to solve as soon as possible. Denigrating an important bloc of people for the sake of making a point will only divide the nation even more. If we are to move forward and be \u201cprogressive,\u201d we need to set aside distractions, unify in our actions and put our attention to the big picture. Contact Tiger Sun at tgsun \u2018at\u2019 stanford.edu.", "label": 1, "id": 175}
{"text": "It's a debate playing out across America. Should statues and memorials of Confederate soldiers and officers remain standing, or should they be removed. Those in favor of removing the statues say the statues represent racism. Those who want the statues to remain complain that removing the statues would be an attempt to get rid of history. What do you think? Should cities and states get rid of Confederate statues and memorials?", "label": 0, "id": 204}
{"text": "Depraved ISIS thugs are little more than serial rapists who claim sex assault is a byproduct of implementing teachings of the Qur\u2019an. The grisly details are laid out in a new report by Nikita Malik called, \u201c Trafficking Terror: How Modern Slavery and Sexual Violence Fund Terrorism.\u201d In it, a Yazidi survivor describes how ISIS henchman would line up young girls against walls before groping their chests. \u201cIf they had breasts, they could be raped; if not, they would wait three months to check again,\u201d Victim 1 said, according to an interview cited in the report. The girls \u2013 many of them minors \u2013 were raped together in rooms as children looked on, she said after finally eluding ISIS\u2019 grip. Victim 1 also described how she was raped by six ISIS guards one night after attempting to flee. \u201cShe was raped in every place possible,\" the report reads. \"She was forced to do things that were disgusting to her and they kept her without clothes in this room so that anybody could come at any time and rape her.\u201d Yazidi women were told by brainwashed ISIS brides that they needed to be raped to become fully Muslim, according to the report. They were often sold, but lost monetary value the more times they were purchased by men in Iraq and Syria. The report also describes how sexual depravity continues to act as a pull factor for prospective terrorists \u201cSexual slavery serves as an incentive for new recruits and foreign fighters, with the promise of wives and sex slaves.\u201d writes Malik. The Henry Jackson Society reports human trafficking brought Islamic terrorist groups upwards of $30 million last year. It\u2019s believed ISIS could turn to kidnapping and sex slavery as a means to sustain itself as its shrinking caliphate continues to crumble.", "label": 0, "id": 602}
{"text": "A note to Steve Bannon: No matter what your beliefs are, the most dangerous thing you can do is cross Donald Trump. The fallout against the former White House political strategist and Trump confidant is continuing this week, in the wake of his comments appearing in Michael Wolff's tell-all book, \"Fire and Fury,\" and as his political foes are celebrating his perceived demise and his political friends are starting to distance themselves from him. One of Bannon's strongest allies \u2014 the Mercer family, which is funding Breitbart \u2014 issued a stinging rebuke on Thursday, but limited the scope of their attack to what Bannon said about the president. \"I support President Trump and the platform upon which he was elected,\" Rebekah Mercer told the Washington Post. \"My family and I have not communicated with Steve Bannon in many months and have provided no financial support to his political agenda, nor do we support his recent actions and statements.\" And CBS reported Friday that Mercer \"cut all ties\" with Bannon because that's what Trump wanted her to do. . @CBSNews confirms Steve Bannon's longtime benefactor Rebekah Mercer cut *all ties* with him at the request of White House officials in the aftermath of #FireAndFury. pic.twitter.com/8eICjpp6Qw \u2014 ryan kadro (@RyanKadro) January 5, 2018 But Mercer is continuing to finance Breitbart, which has not only been Bannon's political agenda, it's been his political essence. Bannon made Roy Moore his candidate in the Alabama special election. When Moore's major flaws were exposed, Bannon dispatched Breitbart's staffers to attack the women who accused Moore of trying to date them when they were teenagers. After the election, Breitbart's editor admitted that they were acting as political operatives in their decision to cover the election. So while Breitbart's funders are wondering whether or not to cut ties with Steve Bannon, it's important to realize that Bannon's legacy will certainly live on. It will just be more Trump-friendly.", "label": 1, "id": 42}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton greets the crowd at a campaign event in Des Moines on Friday. \u201cBigger than Watergate!\u201d Donald Trump exulted about the discovery of new emails from Hillary Clinton\u2019s time as secretary of state. Sure, they could be. They could also be pleas from Clinton that Huma Abedin fetch her a skinny latte from Starbucks. We don\u2019t know. And the horrifying thing is that the F.B.I. director, James Comey, didn\u2019t seem to know, either, even as he disclosed their existence to the world. How strange but how fitting. This entire election is being conducted in the key of hysteria, and Comey just found a way to amplify that ugly music. Listen, Clinton made an awful decision in setting up a private email server, then compounded that error by dragging her feet through defensive non-apologies that gave the story such legs. Now she limps to the finish line when she should be hitting full stride. But Trump is as much of a part and player in this latest chapter of the email saga, because of the one-syllable grenade that he keeps lobbing at the body politic, his furious mantra over these final weeks. \u201cRigged,\u201d \u201crigged,\u201d \u201crigged.\u201d Many Americans have come to believe that. Many others are rightly determined to prove to that group how wrong they are, or at least not to add accelerant to the wildfire. And so all of us, including Comey, operate in a befouled atmosphere, tailoring our actions to it. Comey obviously felt that he was in a bind and clearly believed that by disclosing the emails as soon as possible \u2014 and not, say, delaying until he had some sense of what the F.B.I. was dealing with \u2014 he had the best chance of avoiding any possible charges of a cover-up later, and was acting with the cleanest conscience. But his desire to be a Boy Scout may have eclipsed sound judgment here, and rectitude is a quaint, shortsighted notion in an election this rife with accusations of bias, this primed for scandal, this frenzied. Were the emails in question sent to or from Clinton? Comey didn\u2019t and perhaps couldn\u2019t say. What about them warranted inspection? Again, he had nothing to offer. He told F.B.I. employees in a memo that he was hoping, with his announcement, not \u201cto create a misleading impression\u201d of some hugely significant discovery. But that\u2019s exactly and predictably what he did. Most Democrats were outraged. \u201cMr. Comey said he was duty bound to inform Congress,\u201d Bob Kerrey, the former senator and governor, told me. \u201cQuite the opposite is the case. He was duty bound to make an announcement after he completes his examination of the emails.\u201c Indeed, he broke with the longstanding F.B.I. policy of not commenting on ongoing investigations. He also defied the wishes of senior officials in the Department of Justice, according to various news reports early Saturday afternoon. And he frustrated everyone \u2014 conservatives, liberals, Trump, Clinton \u2014 because his disclosure was all questions, no answers. Regardless, the media went nuts, declaring that the development could bend the shape of the race and assuming damage to Clinton without any polling or other evidence to back that up. \u201cWe don\u2019t know what this means yet except that it\u2019s a real bombshell,\u201d the journalist Carl Bernstein said in a phone interview on CNN on Friday, adding: \u201cIt is unthinkable that the director of the F.B.I. would take this action lightly, that he would put this letter forth to the Congress of the United States saying there is more information out there about classified emails and call it to the attention of Congress unless it was something requiring serious investigation.\u201d A viewer couldn\u2019t see him licking his chops but could hear it. Even the many news organizations that stressed the possible innocuousness of the emails and emphasized how very little we knew contradicted that caution with the length, number and front-and-center placement of their stories about this development. Why? The Politico writer Glenn Thrush had a thought, expressed in this tweet: How is this supposed to play out? If, a few days from now, the F.B.I. determines and announces that none of the emails contain classified information or anything else of concern, will Trump and Clinton\u2019s other enemies conceivably believe that? Hah! They\u2019ll be shouting \u201crigged\u201d all over again. They\u2019ll be shouting it louder than ever. It wouldn\u2019t be normal practice for the F.B.I., in an effort to buttress its determination, to release the emails, many of which are presumably private communications of Abedin\u2019s. And those might be too intimate for her to make public herself. But now that Comey has flagged the whole batch of them, suspicion will never die. And if the emails are fresh cause for concern, will that be knowable, and digestible, before Nov. 8? On this point, too, we\u2019re all in the dark. What a steaming mess, and that\u2019s a comment partly on this specific situation but also on this election, which has devolved into a junkyard of innuendo, lies and conspiracy theories. Trump doesn\u2019t bear all the blame for that, but he bears an ample share of it. On the subject of conspiracy theories, I can offer some comic relief, noting that he and Rush Limbaugh couldn\u2019t get on the same page about the new emails on Friday. Even as Trump was praising Comey and saying that the election might not be quite as rigged as he\u2019d feared, Limbaugh was telling his listeners that Comey was \u201cjust doing this to take everybody\u2019s attention off of the WikiLeaks email dump\u201d that was embarrassing Clinton and her aides. \u201cThe cynical view,\u201d he said, \u201cis that Comey is still carrying water for Clinton and is trying to get everybody to stop paying attention on the WikiLeaks dump because it\u2019s starting to have an impact.\u201d Let me get this straight: The crooked F.B.I. and the corrupt media throw just enough dirt at Clinton so that she\u2019s sure to track it into the Oval Office? Thank God for Limbaugh. God help the rest of us.", "label": 1, "id": 358}
{"text": "BERKELEY, Calif. (KCRA) \u2014 Several fights broke out during largely-peaceful protests in Berkeley Sunday afternoon when about 4,0 people converged on the city, police said. Thirteen people who ranged in ages from 20 to 47 years old, were arrested for \"various violations\u201d including assault with a deadly weapon and felony assault during the events, Berkeley police said. Of the people arrested during the protests, several were wearing masks while others were connected to assaults. Two men were arrested after exchanging blows. The SFGate reported they were quickly swept up by officers inside Civic Center Park. Police detained Patriot Prayer leader Joey Gibson at the protests. The SFGate reported he was handcuffed after being chased by a mob of demonstrators who took swings at him and pepper sprayed him. Police said Gibson was actually \"rescued\" and was not arrested or charged. The crowd began to diminish around 3:30 p.m., six hours after a march led to the protests. The event was one of several rallies that had been called for Sunday in Berkeley, a day after a controversial freedom rally planned by Gibson in San Francisco fizzled amid throngs of counterprotesters. Hundreds of people gathered on the UC Berkeley campus around 10 a.m. Sunday. They then marched to Civic Center Park, where police had set up barricades and secured the area with bomb sniffing dogs. The march was part of the Bay Area Rally Against Hate Rally. In a statement early Sunday, the group said \"we fully intend to move forward with (the Rally Against Hate)\" on the campus despite calls by the university police department for people to stay away for safety reasons. The rally was held in response to the planned right-wing protest \"No To Marxism in America.\" However, organizer Amber Cummings canceled the protest on Friday, saying Berkeley officials and left-wing extremists made it impossible to hold the event and she would be the sole attendee. Despite the cancellation, hundreds of ring-wing protesters showed up to the park. Around 1 p.m., police reported the crowd had grown to several thousand. A skirmish broke out between several dozen left-wing demonstrators and a handful of right-wing supporters. The skirmish was tense but ended quickly. The left-wing protesters surrounded the small number of right-wing supporters, then shouted at them and pushed them. The right-wing protesters sought protection from police and were escorted away. Before the unpermitted events, Berkeley police put into place several rules in response the protests, stating, \"To ensure the peaceful expression of free speech, the City of Berkeley will be prohibiting sticks, pipes, poles and anything else that can be used for a 'riot' at Civic Center Park.\" Other banned items include explosives, pepper spray, axes, dogs (except for service animals), eggs, torches and more. Police also said anything that \"covers or partially covers the face and shields the wearer's face from view, or partially from view, is prohibited.\" However, protesters with an anarchist group arrived at the park wearing masks and hoods that covered their faces. The group of more than 100 hooded protesters, with shields emblazoned with the words \"no hate\" and waving a flag identifying themselves as anarchist, broke through police lines, avoiding security checks by officers to take away possible weapons. Then the group blended in with the rest of the crowd. The group pushed their way past police barricades and into Civic Center Park. They assaulted at least five people by punching and kicking them. Gibson was one of the people assaulted by the group. Police broke up the fights, using what appeared to be a smoke grenade to stop one scuffle. The three people who were attacked ran behind police lines to escape. Then around 2:30 p.m., more than 1,0 people left the park and began marching north Martin Luther King Way. An hour later, the crowd had diminished and many roads reopened. ---- The Associated Press contributed to this story.", "label": 0, "id": 384}
{"text": "Donald Trump - Caricature (Image by DonkeyHotey) Permission Details DMCA The Man Who Predicted The Top Stock On The S&amp;P 500 Makes NEW Shocking Prediction US President Trump's threats this week to shut down critical news media is an ominous sign of how fragile American democratic rights have become. For Donald Trump to impugn media freedom -- albeit in his usual whimsical, boorish fashion -- nevertheless shows how far democracy has been eroded in the \"land of the free.\" The latest furore followed a report this week by NBC in which Trump purportedly harangued his top Pentagon advisers for a 10-fold increase in the US nuclear weapons arsenal. Trump's outlandish demand was reportedly made during a high-level national security meeting back in July. It was the same meeting during which Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is said to have scoffed at Trump's antics and called him a \"moron.\" Trump has reacted angrily to the reports, dismissing them with his characteristic jargon as \"fake news.\" But, adding to the furore, the president also went on to question whether the broadcasting license of NBC and other networks should be cancelled because of what Trump views as \"fake news.\" That is, the president is speculating on shutting down media outlets. Such a move by a president would be legally unviable, according to US laws. But it shows the kind of slippery slope that US media and democratic rights are on. Trump's latest musing about shutting down NBC and other channels drew predictable outcry from US media, who rightly to a degree, deplored his attack on democratic rights. The irony is, however, that the attack on American democratic rights has already been underway before Trump entered the White House, and without much protest from the same media outlets who are now railing against Trump over this rant. We can point to the increasing surveillance powers of federal intelligence agencies which have steadily encroached since the September 2001 terror incidents in New York and Washington DC. Media freedom in the US has been under assault for a long time. Trump's latest outburst is not a one-off anomaly. In recent weeks, the US government has moved to severely restrict the freedom of Russia-based news media operating in the country. A move that has so far not been reciprocated by Moscow on US media operating in Russia. Russian state-owned news channel RT has been forced to register as a \"foreign agent\" which will curtail how it carries out normal journalistic functions. Sputnik, another Russian state-owned channel, is also under investigation by US authorities over allegations of destabilizing American politics with \"fake news.\" The crimping of Russian news media is part of a wider campaign to suppress all alternative media outlets, including US-based websites, which are being labelled as agents of \"foreign interests\" because of merely posting articles sourced from RT and Sputnik. The willing participation of US internet companies, Google, Twitter and Facebook, in blocking news sources that are designated \"fake\" or \"interfering in US politics\" is another troubling sign of how citizens' access to information is being curtailed. These gatekeepers of information are openly moving to restrict access to \"authoritative,\" \"respectable\" media outlets. Many of these \"respectable\" news outlets, such as the New York Times and Washington Post, have in the past been guilty of purveying outrageously fake news, like the \"weapons of mass destruction\" claims which led to the 2003 US war in Iraq that killed over a million people and unleashed on the world the ongoing scourge of jihadist terrorism. The Mysterious \u201cSecret Stock\u201d \u2013 It Could Fund Your Retirement There is absolutely no credible evidence that Russian news media or alternative US-based sites are systematically engaged in an \"influence campaign\" to destabilize American democracy. Sure, there is plenty of false information on the internet available through platforms like Facebook, which most Americans now rely on for their news feed. But to lay the blame for this on Russian media is preposterous scapegoating. What really is the issue here is that US authorities and established media companies simply can't abide rival outlets that are providing an alternative, critical perspective. For example, Russia's RT and Sputnik have given much critical coverage on the war in Syria, as well as conflicts in Ukraine, Yemen and elsewhere. Both channels have reported, with documentary evidence, on how the US government and its NATO and regional allies have been complicit in an illegal, covert war for regime change in Syria involving support for extremist militant groups. This is a critical perspective with grave legal and political implications for Washington and its allies. Just because the US government does not like this kind of unflattering coverage does not legitimize its opprobrium of \"fake news.\" The latter charge is brazenly being used as a pretext to censor discomfiting information. There are many other international issues where Russian media are giving a valid, alternative viewpoint. And because official US interests are offended by this critical perspective, the authorities are moving to ostracize Russian media with the spurious allegation of \"foreign agents\" and \"undermining American democracy.\" But the paramount issue here is that this is an audacious attack on American democratic rights of free media and freedom of speech, as supposedly enshrined in the US Constitution's First Amendment. All of the US established news media have propagated the bogus narrative of \"Russian influence\" and \"Russian fake news.\" This narrative plays well for political opponents of President Trump, primarily in the Democrat party. On this issue, Trump is right when he denounces as \"fake news\" the campaign to pillory Russia and to allege that the Kremlin directed state-owned media to influence the November presidential election in Trump's favor. There is simply no evidence that Russian news media were or are engaged in anything nefarious to destabilize US democracy. Russian media have and do give critical news coverage. If that \"destabilizes\" Washington's illicit activities in overseas' wars then that's what responsible journalism should be doing. To curb this journalism because it offends geopolitical interests is, frankly, censorship and the actions of a tyrant. Trump's latest threats to shut down the American news channel NBC over alleged \"fake news\" are indeed menacing. The NBC report on Trump's nuclear weapons ranting appear to be credible in any case. But the outcry from US media over Trump's boorish threats are hypocritical. Their concern seems to be based on a superficial contempt for Trump as a loathsome individual -- as opposed to a principled defense of democratic rights, and media freedom in particular. The US media outlets that are piously railing against Trump over his \"assault on the Fourth Estate\" are the same outlets which have piled on the pressure to suppress alternative media outlets like Russia's RT and Sputnik, as well as other US-based independent information sources that are being demonized in McCarthyite fashion as \"foreign agents.\" And, again, much of this hostility towards alternative media is motivated by the fact that these alternative media have admirably exposed the hypocrisy and criminality of US authorities. Also exposed is the aiding and abetting by the servile establishment media who have long covered up for the US authorities and their illicit activities in overseas' wars and against citizens at home. American democratic rights are indeed on thin ice. But that was the case long before the elephantine Trump arrived on the scene. His clumsy lurching is merely serving to illustrate how treacherously thin the ice has become upon which US democracy now stands. How To Easily Kill 98% Of Mold In Your Home Trump to End the Dollar as We Know It by November 8, 2018? Donald Trump - Caricature (Image by DonkeyHotey) Permission Details DMCA US President Trump's threats this week to shut down critical news media is an ominous sign of how fragile American democratic rights have become. For Donald Trump to impugn media freedom -- albeit in his usual whimsical, boorish fashion -- nevertheless shows how far democracy has been eroded in the \"land of the free.\" The latest furore followed a report this week by NBC in which Trump purportedly harangued his top Pentagon advisers for a 10-fold increase in the US nuclear weapons arsenal. Trump's outlandish demand was reportedly made during a high-level national security meeting back in July. It was the same meeting during which Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is said to have scoffed at Trump's antics and called him a \"moron.\" Trump has reacted angrily to the reports, dismissing them with his characteristic jargon as \"fake news.\" But, adding to the furore, the president also went on to question whether the broadcasting license of NBC and other networks should be cancelled because of what Trump views as \"fake news.\" That is, the president is speculating on shutting down media outlets. Such a move by a president would be legally unviable, according to US laws. But it shows the kind of slippery slope that US media and democratic rights are on. Trump's latest musing about shutting down NBC and other channels drew predictable outcry from US media, who rightly to a degree, deplored his attack on democratic rights. The irony is, however, that the attack on American democratic rights has already been underway before Trump entered the White House, and without much protest from the same media outlets who are now railing against Trump over this rant. We can point to the increasing surveillance powers of federal intelligence agencies which have steadily encroached since the September 2001 terror incidents in New York and Washington DC. Media freedom in the US has been under assault for a long time. Trump's latest outburst is not a one-off anomaly. In recent weeks, the US government has moved to severely restrict the freedom of Russia-based news media operating in the country. A move that has so far not been reciprocated by Moscow on US media operating in Russia. Russian state-owned news channel RT has been forced to register as a \"foreign agent\" which will curtail how it carries out normal journalistic functions. Sputnik, another Russian state-owned channel, is also under investigation by US authorities over allegations of destabilizing American politics with \"fake news.\" The crimping of Russian news media is part of a wider campaign to suppress all alternative media outlets, including US-based websites, which are being labelled as agents of \"foreign interests\" because of merely posting articles sourced from RT and Sputnik. The willing participation of US internet companies, Google, Twitter and Facebook, in blocking news sources that are designated \"fake\" or \"interfering in US politics\" is another troubling sign of how citizens' access to information is being curtailed. These gatekeepers of information are openly moving to restrict access to \"authoritative,\" \"respectable\" media outlets. Many of these \"respectable\" news outlets, such as the New York Times and Washington Post, have in the past been guilty of purveying outrageously fake news, like the \"weapons of mass destruction\" claims which led to the 2003 US war in Iraq that killed over a million people and unleashed on the world the ongoing scourge of jihadist terrorism. How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger", "label": 1, "id": 28}
{"text": "Shutterstock A Republican student association at San Diego State University is facing backlash for sending a letter demanding Muslim students condemn last week\u2019s terror attacks in Barcelona. The Republican Club at San Diego State University wrote to the Muslim Student Association, claiming that the campus community could not move forward creating \u2018an inclusive environment for all students\u2019 until radical terrorism was \u201cdisavowed\u201d. The letter said if no condemnation was forthcoming, the leaders of the student group should be forced to resign. The letter, signed by SDSU College Republicans Chairman Brandon Jones, stated in part that \u201cuntil radical Islamic terrorism is disavowed by the Muslim Student Organization at SDSU, we cannot move forward in creating an inclusive environment for all students on campus.\u201d It added the Muslim Student Association\u2019s leadership should resign if they do not disavow Islamic terrorism. The national Muslim Student Association expressed support for the San Diego State chapter for \u201ctheir solidarity, strength and perseverance in the face of ignorance and hate.\u201d The Young Democratic Socialists of SDSU responded by declaring: \u201cWe condemn the San Diego State College Republicans\u2019 disgraceful statement towards the SDSU Muslim Student Association and the SDSU Muslim community. Retract and apologize now.\u201d The Transfronterizo Alliance Student Organization, which describes itself as working to create an \u201cinclusive campus environment for SDSU students who live a transborder lifestyle,\u201d joined the chorus.", "label": 0, "id": 45}
{"text": "Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump stands on stage with female supporters during a campaign rally, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016, in Charlotte, N.C. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci) What has happened to our country, that we will nominate a man for president who has bullied, bad-mouthed and intimidated the public for decades? What has happened to our moral values? What are we teaching our children and grandchildren? How can the Republican Party accept this hateful, racist, sexual predator who has lied, cheated people and paid no taxes? Donald Trump does not care about the Constitution and shows his ignorance about it every day. He is threatening people who do not support him, even within his own party. He has incited violence and says if he wins he\u2019ll put his Democratic opponent, Hillary Clinton, in jail. He has encouraged his supporters to intimidate voters at the polls, and now they are threatening a revolution. These are people like the Bundys \u2014 if they don\u2019t get their way, they threaten their opponents with weapons. Trump has spread conspiracy theories that the election is rigged to help anger his base, which includes the K, the mentally unstable and those who hate immigrants. Trump and his supporters will not accept defeat. Are citizens ready to live in a lawless nation? He wants to be king. It\u2019s frightening to consider that he supports Vladimir Putin and has encouraged Russian hacking. Trump is unstable and unfit to represent this nation. Clinton may have some baggage, but she does not hold a candle to Trump. Trump is not running against Bill Clinton, so stop blaming Hillary for Bill\u2019s mistakes. If you don\u2019t like Clinton you have other reasonable choices, but please, never Trump. We cannot let our nation fall to a racist dictator. President Obama has more dignity in his little finger than Trump has in his whole body. Pam Wixom West Haven", "label": 1, "id": 569}
{"text": "Councilor Mike Gaffney Quotes Voltaire About Free Speech, Failed Reporter Buttmunch Billy Shaner Says He Was Quoting A White Supremacist Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at Turtleboysports@gmail.com for more information. Yesterday Worcester City Councilor Michael Gaffney wrote a letter to Turtleboy about his disgust towards Worcester Magazine Editor Walter Bird for the way Bird sexually harasses and tries to hook up with women who he has business dealings with. But why did Councilor Gaffney wait until now to release this damning information? Well, he was probably mad that Buttmunch Billy Shaner, his newest minimum wage reporter, insinuated in the recent copy of their free newspaper that Councilor Gaffney subscribed to white nationalist ideology: YIKES: Quoting a white supremacist is not the best look, especially after one of them rammed a car into a group of people, killing one and injuring 19. With that in mind, I bring you a recent article in the Worcester Independent Leader by City Councilor At-Large Mike Gaffney blasting city leadership for policies that favor big business and development. While I felt the article did a fine job portraying his perspective, a friend pointed out something worrying toward the bottom. Just before the last sentence, there\u2019s a quote overlaying an image attributed to Voltaire. The quote reads: \u201cTo learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.\u201d It is often attributed to Voltaire, although it has been disputed as to whether he, in fact, said it. A prominent and supremely controversial white supremacist named Kevin Alfred Strom did, however. Among other things, Strom has denied the Holocaust, advocated for a Neo-Nazi party and pleaded guilty to child pornography possession charge. The quote kind of takes a different meaning in proper context, I think. So let me get this straight. Gaffney gives a completely applicable quote about the dangers of censoring free speech, which he and most other people attribute to Voltaire \u2013 the philosopher whose writings most historians agree was a driving force in the American Revolution. And what does Billy do? He goes out of his way to turn this into Gaffney quoting a white supremacist. For the record, even the far left attributes this quote to Voltaire: So did people in the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo murders: Voltaire: \"To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticise\" #JeSuisCharlie pic.twitter. 8KF3C6i \u2014 Sam Sussex (@SamSussex) January 8, 2015 So do Palestinians who want to criticize Israel: To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.-Voltaire #GazaUnderAttack pic.twitter. 3yt6jzHNH \u2014 Persia (\u0631) (@persiatx) August 13, 2014 So did Trump\u2019s lucky sperm: To find out who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.Voltaire \u2014 Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) April 25, 2013 This is what you get when you Google image that quote: In other words, everyone thinks Voltaire said this. No one knows for sure if he did or didn\u2019t. All we do know is that a random white supremacist from West Virginia also wrote it here 25 years ago. So obviously Councilor Gaffney has been brushing up on his 25 year old West Virginia white supremacist literature. Either that or he, just like many progressives and conservatives before him, believe this is a Voltaire quote. Anyone with a brain could see what Buttmunch Billy was trying to do here. He doesn\u2019t like Gaffney because he\u2019s a social justice warrior. He tries to play if off like he\u2019s just \u201creporting the news\u201d but he doesn\u2019t do a very good job hiding it. Keep in mind that the Turtlegram and Gazette called Gaffney a \u201cslave master\u201d two years ago for investigating a fraudulent non-profit that just so happened to be run by a black woman. They act like it\u2019s harmless to throw these labels out there. It\u2019s not. And what I love about Gaffney is that he\u2019s not afraid to fire back at these frauds, which is exactly what he did on his Facebook page last night: Juicy! Walter Bird didn\u2019t write the blurb, but his newest employee did. I\u2019m sure Walter appreciates Buttmunch Billy dragging him into a world of shit that is Turtleboy blowback. But what choice did Gaffney have? We\u2019re the only media outlet in town that tells the truth. The rest are clearly against him, so why should he place nice with them any longer? Either way, Walter is the editor. He approved of this. He allowed his newest employee to insinuate that the Vice Chairman of the City Council quotes white supremacists. Buttmunch Billy quickly objected on Gaffney\u2019s Facebook page: Yea Mike. He didn\u2019t actually call you a racist. He just insinuated that you are inspired by white supremacist literature and freely quote them in order to push your agenda in Worcester. What\u2019s the harm? YIKES! Instead of just apologizing and admitting he fucked up, Buttmunch Billy doubled down and said that he was NOT insinuating any racism on his part: Yea dude, no one believes you. You\u2019re not good at lying. You don\u2019t go out of your way to research a meme\u2019s origins, and then attribute it solely to a white supremacist, unless you\u2019re trying to tie Gaffney to that particular white supremacist. We\u2019re not as stupid as you are. Plus, who cares? Yea, there\u2019s no consequences to being tied to a controversial white supremacist just a couple days after one of them murdered a woman with his car. It\u2019s not like Joe Petty and his mindless followers will use that against him. Oh wait\u2026. \u201cCouncilor Gaffney quotes white supremacist.\u201d That\u2019s the story now. That\u2019s how it will be told from this point forward. Buttmunch Billy knew this, which is why he wrote it in the first place. But it\u2019s not his fault: \u201cIt\u2019s not on me the way partisans choose to use my reporting.\u201d See? He was just reporting the facts by going out of his way to suggest that Gaffney quoted a Nazi. Not his fault how people react to that. Kind of like how people like Billy don\u2019t blame Trump when his supporters do fucked up shit. Many accused him of racebaiting, but Buttmunch Billy once again disagreed: Yea, totally not race-baiting. White supremacy has nothing do with race. Then things got even juicier: Busted! Apparently Billy was texting Gaffney wanting to know why a post from one of his trolls named Eric Malouin was deleted: Notice the face he forgot to crop out after he screenshotted: That would be fellow Worcester Magazine minimum wage employee Oh I see now \u2013 it was a group effort from Worcester Magazine. No wonder Gaffney wanted to spill the bins on their boss \u2013 they conspire to make him look bad and they got caught in the act. Nice going Billy. So that means Lyford was watching this all go down, started screenshotting his boy Eric\u2019s troll comments, and then cried about it to Buttmunch Billy when Gaffney blocked him. Because Josh was too much of a pussy to confront Gaffney himself. Sad. It looks as if the local African-American community was not impressed with their race baiting: Boom. Roasted. Once Gaffney threatened to spill the bins on Walter\u2019s sexting scandal, Billy realized he fucked up. He\u2019s only been on the job a couple months and his childish vendetta was about to lead to the public humiliation of his boss. So he was all like, \u201cWhy not focus on my behavior?\u201d Because Walter allowed this to happen. What you write reflects upon him. When South Shore Turtlegirl offends large groups of people they go after the brand, not the blogger. We all own it together. It\u2019s OK though, because \u201cWorcesteria\u201d is \u201cirreverent.\u201d Yea, it\u2019s just a joke Mike! So I called you a white supremacist. Big deal snowflake! His \u201cfriend\u201d thought it was funny: At least he understands that without doing stuff like this no one would actually read his columns: I hate to even give Buttmunch Billy attention he so dearly craves. He writes about us EVERY SINGLE WEEK. Or so I\u2019m told, I don\u2019t read it myself. My grandmother calls me about it on her landline. He\u2019s baiting for us to write about him because he\u2019s smart enough to realize that becoming a Turtleboy villain will at least make him somewhat relevant. But now he\u2019s finally got our attention. Unfortunately for him he was completely exposed for being the fraud that he is, and his boss might lose his job. We urge you to support the following local businesses.", "label": 1, "id": 127}
{"text": "Alex Jones (Right Wing Watch) Alex Jones delivered one of his all-time wildest rants against MSNBC\u2019s Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski, whom he compared to demons, parasites and disease. The InfoWars host attacked the \u201cMorning Joe\u201d co-hosts Tuesday in a crazed tirade that included a bug-eyed, tongue-lolling impersonation of a demonic Brzezinski, reported Right Wing Watch. \u201cThey\u2019re both like horrible foot-long tapeworms, man, I\u2019m telling you,\u201d Jones said. \u201cTapeworms that we vomited out and crapped out and they\u2019re just trying to force-feed themselves back into our lives. They\u2019re like gonorrhea or syphilis, I mean they are just \u2014 they\u2019re like HIV, they\u2019re like cancer. They are just \u2014 I mean, you have to understand, folks, they literally want to destroy you. God, they\u2019re evil. Do you realize how evil these people are?\u201d He promised the friends-turned-critics of President Donald Trump would be \u201cremoved\u201d once Jones and his followers triumphed over their enemies, and then launched into a frenzied spasm of unholy gibberish. \u201cThey\u2019re like from upside-down world, folks,\u201d Jones said, making a reference to the Netflix series \u201cStranger Things.\u201d \u201cYou have to understand. They\u2019ve broken into this dimension. They want to destroy us.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 47}
{"text": "Image copyright 2017 Getty Images. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Columbia University Law School professor and confidant of former FBI Director James Comey refuted a charge by President Donald Trump and his advocates in the media Monday: that Comey shared classified information with journalists. Daniel Richman, with whom Comey shared at least one memo -- the contents of which Richman shared with New York Times reporter Michael Schmidt -- said President Trump was simply wrong. \"No memo was given to me that was marked 'classified,'\" Daniel Richman told CNN. \"No memo was passed on to the Times.\" Richman did share the contents of one memo, he said, but \"the substance of the memo passed on to the Times was not marked classified and to my knowledge remains unclassified.\" During Senate testimony in June, in which he said he gave memos to someone he described as a Columbia University professor, Comey said he specifically wrote the memos to avoid including classified information. \"My thinking was, if I write it in such a way that I don't include anything that would trigger a classification, that'll make it easier for us to discuss, within the FBI and the government, and to -- to hold on to it in a way that makes it accessible to us,\" Comey told senators. On Sunday, writing in The Hill, John Solomon reported that, \"More than half of the memos former FBI Director James Comey wrote as personal recollections of his conversations with President Trump about the Russia investigation have been determined to contain classified information, according to interviews with officials familiar with the documents.\" CNN has not independently verified The Hill's report. The Hill's reporting raised \"the possibility,\" Solomon reported, that \"Comey broke his own agency's rules and ignored the same security protocol\" that Comey criticized Hillary Clinton for disregarding. Solomon did not report that the possible breaking of FBI rules was determined to have happened, nor did he report that this would be a violation of the law. Yet that is how President Trump depicted it in a tweet Monday morning: \"James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media. That is so illegal!\" One of the issues at play may have to do with whether any contents of the Comey memos have since been upgraded to classified, although that has not been definitively reported by CNN. The-CNN-Wire \u2122 &amp; \u00a9 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.", "label": 0, "id": 491}
{"text": "With most rational individuals condemning Kathy Griffin\u2019s reprehensible photoshoot, some dark souls are coming out of the woodworks and showing their true colors. Most of the country condemned Kathy Griffin\u2019s now-infamous photo shoot holding a fake severed head of President Trump. The shocking photo shoot prompted a nationwide outrage and sparked debate over whether or not Griffin should be investigated as a threat to national security. As the Trump family reacted to the photo, it was reported that President Trump\u2019s youngest child\u201411-year-old Barron\u2014had seen the photo while watching the news and became understandably upset. The one thing these so-called artists fail to take into account is the impact their message will have on family members of their targets. It\u2019s incredibly hard to believe that creating images of this violent nature wouldn\u2019t provoke thought into how they will affect families or even the audience. Not only was Griffin\u2019s photo shoot and full admission of wrongdoing completely unacceptable by anyone\u2019s standards, it was disrespectful to victims of terrorism and their families. Radical Islamic terrorists are notorious for beheading innocent people\u2014including Americans\u2014for propaganda videos. By far, the most disgusting social media post came from some guy who apparently won big on Jeopardy over ten years ago. Ken Jennings took to Twitter and decided to campaign for Dirtbag of the Year. \u201cBarron Trump saw a very long necktie on a heap of expired deli meat in a dumpster. He thought it was his dad and his little heart is breaking,\u201d the game show winner from 2004 posted on his Twitter account. He even defended Griffin\u2019s actions, citing\u2014you guessed it\u2014another game show from the \u201890s where he said Griffin was known for holding up severed heads. Barron Trump saw a very long necktie on a heap of expired deli meat in a dumpster. He thought it was his dad &amp; his little heart is breaking \u2014 Ken Jennings (@KenJennings) May 31, 2017 This kind of reaction is absolutely reprehensible, especially under the circumstances. CNN has since announced that Kathy Griffin has been fired from her job as a New Year\u2019s Eve announcer for the network alongside Anderson Cooper, who also expressed outrage over the violent photo. With serious reactions to the photo taking place in the United States, opportunists usually crawl out of the woodwork to make a sad attempt at humor. This was a huge fail. Attacking a child who was understandably disturbed by the gruesome image of his father\u2019s mock beheading is a new low in our society. Adding to this creep\u2019s sentiment, Rosie O\u2019Donnell weighed in via her Twitter account, dismissing Barron Trump\u2019s reaction by asking, \u201cDo you think he saw anything about these 2 heroic men who died defending young girls? Hatred promoted by his father?\u201dThis was in reference to the two men who were killed in Oregon defending a Muslim girl from an attack. Regarding which, by the way, President Trump released a statement condemning the act as hatred that has no place in the United States. It seems like reactions to disturbing incidents like the Kathy Griffin photo expose the true nature of individuals and separate those with compassion for humans\u2014regardless of political belief\u2014from truly heinous people.", "label": 1, "id": 265}
{"text": "Despite the fact that the Las Vegas shooter would have passed any an all background checks, some on the left still think background checks will somehow solve all of our ills in this country. They\u2019re absolutely convinced that universal background checks will miraculously keep guns out of the hands of not just criminals, but also the man who may someday open fire on an unsuspecting crowd enjoying some music. However, what they think will happen and what actually occurs tends to be rather dissimilar. But such expanded background checks wouldn\u2019t have stopped any of these attacks. Since 20, all of our mass shooters obtained their weapons without using private transfers. Attacks such as the San Bernardino massacre in California and the Umpqua Community College shooting in Oregon occurred in states that already have universal background checks. Indeed, mass public shootings have recently occurred in France, Belgium, Norway, Germany and other European countries where these background checks also exist. This hole in their argument is so glaring that even some of the media have noticed it. Last year, ABC News\u2019s Jon Karl asked Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), \u201cWhy are we focusing on things that have nothing to do with the massacres that we are responding to?\u201d Murphy responded, \u201cWe can\u2019t get into the trap in which we are forced to defend our proposals simply because it didn\u2019t stop the last tragedy.\u201d But obviously Karl\u2019s question wasn\u2019t just limited to the most recent attack. Research looking at U.S. data has consistently found no evidence that any type of background checks reduce rates of violent crime. Michael Bloomberg\u2019s groups are the source of contrary claims, but they fail to analyze the national data in an academic manner. They compare states with background checks next to those without them. They do not compare states before and after background checks are imposed. The fact is that criminals have a pipeline for inexpensive black market guns that require no background checks either, as was illustrated by CBS in their report on Chicago gun crime. They\u2019re not looking for private sellers who want the best dollar they can get from a prospective buyer. They want a gun, they want it cheap, and they want it now. Let\u2019s also face the fact that criminals are, by definition, lawbreakers. They\u2019re not concerned with whatever laws you pass because they\u2019re already breaking so many, they figure, \u201cWhat\u2019s one more?\u201d Despite claims by the leftists on social media, no one supports another massacre. No one at all. However, it doesn\u2019t make any sense to make proposals that do nothing except inconvenience and burden law-abiding gun buyers who want to follow the law. While I may disagree with Sen. Feinstein\u2019s bump-fire stock ban proposal, at least that makes some sense in light of what we know from Las Vegas. Universal background checks? Nope. No sense at all. Of course, why should anyone be surprised? These are the same people who still think banning guns will somehow ban violence in general while doing nothing about the underlying causes. Right now, things are no different except they\u2019re also trying to ban things that have no bearing on what happened, just because they figure the public will back it at the moment. And I\u2019ve had people wonder why I call these people ghouls.", "label": 1, "id": 463}
{"text": "State Police say an investigation has revealed the information in the viral video not to be accurate. (Photo from ) ( ) -- The Michigan State Police out of Detroit took to Twitter reporting the claims of a viral video about human trafficking in a Metro Detroit suburb are not accurate. \"It was investigated by law enforcement and not a case of human trafficking. He was right about being vigilant but that\u2019s about it,\" said the State Police on Twitter. This is the Facebook post where Nick Ahmad claims human trafficking almost happened to his wife and others. The video has been viewed over 650,0 times and shared close to 30,0 times. After an investigation the Michigan State Police took to twitter saying the viral Facebook video is not accurate.", "label": 0, "id": 121}
{"text": "After constant attacks from the political and media elites, Steve Bannon has some of the thickest skin in America. Washed up rapper Eminem ripped Bannon during his now infamous BET Hip Hop Awards freestyle. When asked what he thought of the diss, the Breitbart boss offered a classic response. Former White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon does not \u201cgive a shit\u201d about Eminem\u2019s freestyle roast in which he name-checks Bannon in his attempted takedown of President Donald Trump. \u201cOn the record: Honey badger don\u2019t give a shit,\u201d Bannon reportedly told Joshua Green, the Bloomberg reporter and author of the best-selling Devil\u2019s Bargain book, on Wednesday evening. At the BET Hip Hop Awards on Tuesday, Eminem appeared in a video in which he attacked Trump and referenced Bannon. As TGP previously reported, Eminen went on a four minute freestyle rap against President Donald Trump. This was very poor poetry. Hip Hop is really hurting these days. Complete with references to Steve Bannon and the K. Of course, there is no truth to anything Eminem was rapping about. But what the hell. Meanwhile inner cities across the US continue to suffer and wither away with their drugs, gangs and Democrat politicians. (Warning on Language) Eminem obviously wants to be invited back next year. What a disgrace. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 135}
{"text": "Donald Trump rose to power by telling disaffected white people that the past represents the right and natural order. Joe The rise of President-elect Donald J. Trump is a triumph for white supremacy and misogyny that too many of us believed was impossible in the United States in 2016. Trump\u2019s promise to \u201cMake America Great Again\u201d is a call to return us to a past in which white men of all classes could expect the government to protect their economic and social dominance relative to racial minorities and women. It\u2019s a harkening back to the \u201cgreatness\u201d of a time when programs like the New Deal and the G.I. Bill created a path to a middle-class life through government benefits that were systematically denied to black people. When you didn\u2019t have to let black people live in your white apartment buildings. When it was difficult or dangerous for a person of color to participate in the political process by voting. When only white men were judges. When black men accused of sexual assault were presumed guilty and faced execution, but powerful white men were free to treat women\u2019s bodies as their property without facing legal consequences or even outrage. When men were men, and women knew their value depended on their attractiveness and subservience to those men. When a high school diploma entitled a white man to a good job without competition from people of color, women or robots. Trump rose to power by telling disaffected white people that the past represents the right and natural order, and he can bring it back. He made no secret of who he would take our country back from: minorities, women, immigrants, Muslims, Jews. And despite his open disdain for the rule of law, he often justified his mission by invoking the language the reactionary right has long used to describe their quest to turn back time: \u201crestoring the Constitution.\u201d It is imperative that we stop letting the right own the Constitution. Given that we\u2019re about to have a president with dictatorial aspirations, and both houses of Congress controlled by the Republican Party from which he sprang, the public needs more than ever to understand and demand our constitutional protections. We must be a meaningful check on how much damage these people can do. But for that to happen, liberals are going to have to stop letting the right\u2019s claims to constitutional authority for their preferred social order go unanswered. Too often, liberals and progressives treat the Constitution as an obsolete document written by white men who enslaved black people and treated women as property that has little relevance to our modern battles. In doing so, we\u2019ve ceded the ground to white men longing for the good ol\u2019 days. Michael Cohen, Lanny Davis and the Russian Mafia Yes, the Constitution was written by white guys who got a lot very wrong, and it would indeed be a bankrupt document if it were frozen in time. But while the Founders lacked the empathy or courage to recognize that \u201cWe the People\u201d includes people of all colors, religions and genders, they enshrined revolutionary principles of what liberty entails and left room for us to interpret and amend the document to be more in keeping with those principles. Liberals must articulate a vision of the Constitution, because what Americans understand the Constitution to say acts as a constraint on what politicians and courts can do. Historically, we\u2019ve made major strides by getting our fellow citizens to accept evolved interpretations of the Constitution\u2019s text \u2013 for example, by arguing that segregation violates the right to equal protection of the law, and that forcing a person to carry a pregnancy to term against her will violates her 14th Amendment right to liberty. The shocking election of Donald Trump tells us we haven\u2019t made nearly as much progress as we thought toward convincing our fellow citizens that all people are created equal and protected by the Constitution. It\u2019s a moment to remember that in the not-so-distant past a suffragette demanding the full rights of citizenship could be imprisoned and force-fed, and even more recently black people doing the same were beaten and lynched. In hindsight, it was somewhat naive to think the country had changed so much and so quickly that it would resoundingly reject Trump\u2019s misogyny, racism and xenophobia. Right now, in the days and weeks and months after Trump\u2019s upset victory, we must articulate a vision of the Constitution to combat the idea that our changed country is a deviation from it. It is deeply unsettling to a large segment of Americans that they can suffer in economic malaise while a black man occupies the highest office, as the country becomes less white and Christian, and as women assume new roles. We need to be clear that there is no going back to when things were \u201cgreat\u201d just for white men \u2013 the changes we\u2019ve seen are the inevitable result of moving closer to the equality the Constitution requires. We\u2019re here, we\u2019re queer, we\u2019re female, we\u2019re black, we\u2019re brown, we\u2019re Jewish and we\u2019re Muslim. As dire as things feel today, Trump, his supporters and the Republicans who bred them will eventually have to get used to it. We must explain to change-resistant white people that an altered country is the inevitable result of adhering to the founding document they claim to revere. But the more concrete and immediate reason we have to start talking about the Constitution is that many of the things Trump wants to do are not only terrible policy, but flagrantly unconstitutional. We just elected a man who has proposed torturing people, making religious discrimination official policy, banning abortion and \u201cloosening up\u201d the First Amendment, along with a Congress full of Republicans who have proven incapable of standing up to him. We cannot let shock and fear and defeatism paralyze us. When Trump proposes something that is off-the-table constitutionally, We the People must tell him early and often and loudly that we\u2019re not going to take it. Donald Trump becomes president-elect of the United States. Watch here.", "label": 1, "id": 460}