{"text": "As seen on The Five Police Group Boycotts Ben &amp; Jerry's After Black Lives Matter Endorsement As more women come forward with allegations of sexual misconduct against Donald Trump, the Republican nominee is lashing out at the mainstream media, which he claims is running with this \"total fiction\" to distract from Hillary Clinton's scandals. At a rally in Greensboro, N.C., Trump said these accusations are part of a conspiracy involving the Clinton campaign and what he called \u201cthe corrupt media.\u201d Greg Gutfeld agreed with much of Trump's assessment on \"The Five\" today, saying, \"The media wants Hillary to win. There's no doubt about that.\" Judge Jeanine on Trump Accusers: 'All on One Day? It's a Little Too Convenient' Gutfeld explained that Trump has actually been \"set up,\" as he was given countless hours of coverage and \"billions of dollars of free media,\" only to have the rug pulled out from under him. \"The media . [and] Hillary and Obama, they knew elevating Donald Trump - giving him an air of respectability in the press, as well - turned him into the Republican nominee. Then, out came the knives.\" Watch the co-hosts of \"The Five\" discuss above, and let us know what you think in the comments. New WikiLeaks Bombshell: Clinton Aides Discussed 'Emails to and from POTUS'", "label": 0, "id": 239}
{"text": "Donald Trump is a pathological liar. All those who support him are being lied to daily. Once again, Trump has told his gullible supporters that we are letting people in by the thousands who are not vetted and that we don\u2019t know who they are. Refugees must first apply to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, which collects documents and performs interviews. Less than 1 percent of refugees get approved for relocation. If they are approved, they are referred to the State Department to begin the vetting process. More information is collected and they are put through security screenings from the National Counterterrorism Center, the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security. Breaking News Be the first to know when big news breaks Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms If the refugee is Syrian, they must go through another layer of security, which includes further checks by a special part of Homeland Security, the USCIS fraud detection and National Security directors. There, interviews with USCIS officers would take place and fingerprints run through biometric databases of the FBI, Homeland Security and Department of Defense. If all these are passed, health screenings take place. Then refugees are enrolled in cultural orientation classes while information continues to be checked. This process typically takes 18 to 24 months after applying to the UN. This is the most vigorous vetting anyone has ever faced to enter the U.S. Donald Trump is trying to instill fear in the gullible supporters that he has. He has lied about his health records, his tax returns, President Obama\u2019s birth certificate, election fraud (31 cases of voter impersonation in over 1 billion votes) and hundreds of other things, and those who choose to believe him either don\u2019t care about his lies or aren\u2019t smart enough to find out the truth for themselves. Danny Duncan Palmetto", "label": 1, "id": 342}
{"text": "Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom weighs in on significance behind the FBI reopening the case against Hillary Clinton. The FBI announced Friday afternoon it will reopen its investigation of Hillary Clinton\u2019s use of a private e-mail server during her tenure as Secretary of State. The decision comes as the FBI said it is reviewing new information related to the original case. James Kallstrom, former FBI assistant director, discussed the news on the FOX Business Network. \u201cThese guys that run the FBI now came to the conclusion that they look like absolute fools and that they\u2019ve done a horrible job, they\u2019ve thrown the agents under the bus, they discredited the FBI\u2019s reputation,\u201d he told Neil Cavuto. \u201cAnd I can tell the people listening to you, it\u2019s not the FBI agents, believe me. It\u2019s two or three people at the top of the FBI.\u201d Kallstrom believes the government agency shouldn\u2019t have started an investigation in the first place if it didn\u2019t meet certain guidelines. \u201cIf they were not ever going to impanel a grand jury, that means you really don\u2019t conduct a criminal investigation. You don\u2019t have subpoena power, you don\u2019t have warrants. That was apparently apparent early on in this investigation. I would\u2019ve liked to have seen somebody with the integrity not to just conduct an investigation that doesn\u2019t meet any of the criteria of how the FBI operates,\u201d he stated. He added: \u201cI suspect that they never had a really bonafide investigation because the Justice Department wouldn\u2019t let them do it.", "label": 0, "id": 401}
{"text": "The Supreme Court says Theresa May does not have the power to trigger Article 50 alone What is Article 50? Britain has to tell the EU that it wants to go by invoking Article 50 of the EU rulebook for the first time in history. Article 50, which is set out in the Lisbon Treaty, is the legal mechanism for the withdrawal of a member state from the EU. The use of Article 50 will start the timer on a two-year process of exit talks over Britain\u2019s political divorce from the 28-member bloc. At the end of the two-year period, Britain will be expelled from the EU unless member states unanimously decide to extend the deadline. When will Article 50 be triggered? The new Prime Minister Theresa May has said that she will trigger Article 50 before the end of March 2017. But the process could be delayed because the Government is being forced to get approval from Parliament in order to do so. The Supreme Court has held up a High Court decision that the use Article 50 needs to be agreed by Parliament to the delight of EU voters. Pro-EU will be given a fresh opportunity to try and block Brexit by voicing their concerns in the House of Commons and Lords. There are fears that Brexit could be delayed until after the German election in autumn 2017 or even postponed indefinitely. When must Article 50 be used by? There is no timescale for how soon after a referendum Article 50 must be invoked. But the British Government is under pressure to start the process as soon as possible in order to put an end to the uncertainty that has engulfed Europe. The European Council has said: \u201cWe now expect the United Kingdom Government to give effect to this decision of the British people as soon as possible, however painful that process may be. \u201cAny delay would unnecessarily prolong uncertainty. \u201cWe have rules to deal with this in an orderly way. Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union sets out the procedure to be followed if a member state decides to leave.\u201d Fri, June 24, 2016 After yesterday's referendum, here is a look at what will happen immediately following the historic vote for Britain to leave the EU. Brexit: What to expect next Is the EU referendum legally binding? The EU referendum result is not legally binding so in theory Parliament could ignore the will of the people by deciding to stay in the EU. This is because Parliament is sovereign and the EU vote was an \u201cadvisory referendum\u201d, as opposed to a \u201cbinary\u201d referendum which has a fixed outcome. Therefore the EU referendum legislation does not force the Government to automatically take Britain out of the EU. But the political reality is that Theresa May's Government has no choice but to follow through on the electorate\u2019s wishes. Politicians have repeatedly stressed that there was \u201cno going back\u201d if the British people voted to back Brexit in the referendum.", "label": 0, "id": 424}
{"text": "A photo of empty bus seats caused a heated debate on Facebook because people thought they saw six women in burqas. The image was shared to a Norwegian anti-immigration group with the question: \u201cWhat do people think about this?\u201d Members sounded off, saying things like: \u201cIt looks really scary, should be banned. You can never know who is under there. Could be terrorists with weapons.\u201d \u201cGet them out of our country, those who look like collapsed umbrellas. Frightening times we are living in.\u201d \u201cI thought it would be like this in the year 2050, but it is happening NOW!\u201d The user who posted the photo wanted to show people the dangers of jumping to conclusions and spreading fake news. Norway's right-wing government recently proposed a law that would ban Muslim women from wearing full face veils in schools.", "label": 0, "id": 518}
{"text": "What if Idaho sends a message to the rest of the country that we value and respect everyone, especially women, minorities, veterans and the disabled \u2014 those denigrated and disrespected by the Republican candidate for president. Idahoans stand for fairness, civility, kindness and compassion. Let go of your ties to the Republican Party for this election and vote for Hillary Clinton and for all the other Democratic nominees. It\u2019s time to stand for fairness. Voting along party lines just to vote for the party does not make sense in this election. Vote Democratic. Barbara A. Elliott, Boise Breaking News Be the first to know when big news breaks Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms", "label": 1, "id": 374}
{"text": "Las Vegas police confirmed the man they believe to be responsible for killing more than 58 people is Stephen Paddock. Here's what we know about him. - Stephen Paddock is a 64-year-old white male. - Paddock was not known to the federal authorities, but was known to local law enforcement. This is the first unconfirmed picture of Stephen Paddock. - He lived in Mesquite, Nevada with Marilou Danley on Babbling Brook Ct. Police are searching his house. NBC reporting #LasVegas shooter as Stephen C Paddock who looks to be living at this address with Marilou Danley who Police are searching for pic.twitter. 1FQMhDBC\u2014 Vincent McAviney (@Vinny_LBC) October 2, 2017 - Police said that Ms Danley was seen sitting with the suspected shooter in a car before the incident and they are searching for her. She is described as an Asian female who is 4'11\". - He was found on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Casino. Police said he had numerous weapons with him. - Police believe he killed himself in a hotel room before they found him. Marilou Danley who #LasVegas police are searching for in connection to the #mandalaybay shooting has previously been to events at hotel: pic.twitter. 0\u2014 Vincent McAviney (@Vinny_LBC) October 2, 2017 - Police believe this was a \"lone wolf\" attack and he was the only shooter. Over 58 people died and more than 500 were injured after a gunman opened fire at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival which was taking place across the road from Mandalay Bay on the famous Las Vegas Strip. This makes it the biggest mass shooting in US history.", "label": 0, "id": 457}
{"text": "North Korea must denuclearise the peninsula amid World War 3 scares, Counsellor to the President, Kellyanne Conway has warned. Speaking to Fox News, Donald Trump\u2019s top aide said: \u201cWell the President\u2019s position, our position on North Korea has never changed. \u201cHe continues to apply maximum pressure.\u201d Ms Conway added that the United States is \u201cvery happy\u201d to see a more unified effort against Kim Jong-un\u2019s regime. North Korea news: Trump will continue to apply She said: \u201cNorth Korea must denuclearise the peninsula region and we\u2019re very happy that there seems to be a more unified international effort in this regard, in that pursuit. \u201cYou see the United Nations resolution on December 22, very recently, you see the previous resolutions unanimously in support of the United States position with respect to North Korea.\" Mr Trump\u2019s aide added that North Korea is a threat to the entire world, not just the US. She said: \u201cThis is key because this President has made clear from the beginning and constantly throughout the first year of his presidency that a nuclearised North Korea is not just a danger and a threat to America, and to any freedom and democracy loving people, but to the entire world and the world is responding.\u201d It comes after President Trump threatened North Korea with his \"much bigger and more powerful\" nuclear button following menacing undertones in Kim Jong-un's speech on New Year's Day. Mr Trump wrote on Twitter: \"North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the 'Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times.' \"Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger &amp; more powerful one than his, and my Button works!\" North Korea has been fanning fears of World War 3 by refusing to heed calls for denuclearisation \u2013 with leader Kim engaging President Trump in an escalating war of words. But Kim appeared to offer an olive branch to neighbouring South Korea \u2013 a close US ally \u2013 by suggesting North Korea could use the 2018 Winter Olympics to organise diplomatic talks with Seoul to defuse tensions with the international community.", "label": 0, "id": 81}
{"text": "The FBI just blew the Hillary Clinton case wide open she could literally be going to jail. FBI just dropped could put her in the category of bonafide traitor. FBI uncovered Russian bribery plot before Obama administration approved controversial n-u-c-l-e-a-r deal with Moscow. Senate Judiciary opens probe into Obama-era Russian uranium bribery\u2026 PAPER: Stunning cover-up", "label": 1, "id": 208}
{"text": "Jemele Hill in September 2016. Jemele Hill, the outspoken host of ESPN\u2019s 6:00 p.m. SportsCenter, called President Donald Trump a \u201cwhite supremacist\u201d on Twitter. ESPN later posted a statement, saying her comments \u201cdo not represent the position of ESPN\u201d and she knows her comment was \u201cinappropriate.\u201d The White House called Hill\u2019s comments a \u201cfireable offense.\u201d The 41-year-old Hill has been hosting the 6:00 edition of SportsCenter, dubbed SC6 with Michael Smith since February. Hill and Smith previously co-hosted Numbers Never Lie and His &amp; Hers before they were promoted to the flagship show. You can follow Hill on Twitter. Here\u2019s what you need to know about Hill\u2019s politics and her latest brush with controversy. 1. Hill Called Trump a \u2018White Supremacist\u2019 After Posting About Kid Rock Hill\u2019s tweet about Trump was posted late on September 11 after she retweeted a The Hill article about musician Kid Rock, who has been teasing a run for Michigan Senator after launching KidRockforSenate.com in July. The article is about Rock\u2019s long Facebook post about the \u201cextreme left.\u201d \u201c\u201cPretty funny how scared I have them all and their only agenda is to try and label people / me racist who do not agree or cower to them,\u201d Rock wrote. \u201cHe loves black people so much that he pandered to racists by using a flag that unquestionably stands for dehumanizing black people,\u201d Hill wrote, referring to the singer\u2019s use of the Confederate Battle flag. After a back-and-forth with other Twitter users, Hill wrote, \u201cDonald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself w/ other white supremacists.\u201d Hill also tweeted other messages about Trump. \u201cHe is unqualified and unfit to be president. He is not a leader. And if he were not white, he never would have been elected. He has surrounded himself with white supremacists \u2014 no they are not \u201calt right\u201d \u2014 and you want me to believe he isn\u2019t a white supremacist?\u201d She went on, \u201cTrump is the most ignorant, offensive president of my lifetime. His rise is a direct result of white supremacy. Period. The height of white privilege is being able to ignore his white supremacy, because it\u2019s of no threat to you. Well, it\u2019s a threat to me.\u201d \u201cDonald Trump is a bigot. Glad you could live with voting for him. I couldn\u2019t, because I cared about more than just myself,\u201d she wrote. After the tweet gained attention in the conservative media, ESPN issued a statement. \u201cThe comments on Twitter from Jemele Hill regarding the President do not represent the position of ESPN,\u201d the statement reads. \u201cWe have addressed this with Jemele and she recognizes her actions were inappropriate.\u201d Hill has continued to Tweet, but on other subjects. 2. Hill Has Tweeted About Politics Before, Despite ESPN\u2019s 2016 Memo Asking Talent Not to Tweet About Politics Hill has made her politics clear on her Twitter page. She has a tweet with photos of her 2015 and 2016 visits to the White House to meet President Barack Obama pinned to her page. Twitter users frequently complain to her, and she typically responds. In January 2016, ESPN issued a memo to employees to avoid making political comments. Since then, Sage Steele lost a hosting position after writing that she was sad to see the \u201cjoy\u201d in the faces of anti-Trump protesters. Curt Schilling was famously fired in April 2016 for an offensive post about transgender people. After the Pulse nightclub shootings in Orlando in June 2016, when a man killed 49 people inside a gay nightclub, Hill wrote, \u201cSo in a country where we have done everything possible to undermine the LGBTQ community, we are suddenly lecturing Islam on homophobia. Oh.\u201d Forbes asked ESPN PR why Hill wasn\u2019t fired after that message. A spokesperson told the magazine that Hill\u2019s statement wasn\u2019t a violation of the 2016 memo. 3. Hill Defended Politics Appearing on ESPN, Saying \u2018Athletes Are Dragging Us Here\u2019 ESPN has been dealing with subscriber losses for some time, and its apparent liberal slant on politics has taken the blame in the media. Conservatives point to Schilling\u2019s firing and Caitlyn Jenner receiving the Arthur Ashe courage award in 2015 as examples. Not firing Hill for her comments will certainly not help. SportCenter\u2018s Linda Cohn also admitted that politics are hurting ESPN. During a conference in June, Hill defended the coverage of political topics, noting that the athletes they cover have made it difficult to avoid politics. \u201cI just hadn\u2019t noticed the correlation between us being called more liberal as you see more women in a position on our network\u2026 as you see more ethnic diversity, then all of a sudden ESPN is too liberal. So I wonder, when people say that, what they\u2019re really saying,\u201d Hill said, reports Yahoo News. \u201cThe other part of it is that we\u2019re journalists, and people have to understand, these uncomfortable political conversations\u2026 the athletes are dragging us here.\u201d Hill continued, noting that they never asked Colin Kaepernick to kneel during the national anthem and they didn\u2019t expect Gregg Popovich to go off on Donald Trump during press conferences. \u201cYou have athletes saying they\u2019re going to the White House, not going to the White House, that\u2019s all sports news,\u201d Hill continued. \u201cIt didn\u2019t just start with this generation of athletes, it\u2019s always been that way. Sometimes when I hear a viewer say they don\u2019t want their politics mixed with sports, I say, \u2018What did you think about Muhammad Ali?\u2019 And then all of a sudden it\u2019s glowing praise.\u201d Hill made similar comments in an interview with Newsday. \u201cWhether we want to discuss it or not, athletes are dragging us into these conversations,\u201d Hill said in January. \u201cIt\u2019s not that Mike and I wake up one day and say, \u2018Hey, today we\u2019re going to be MSNBC.\u2019 It\u2019s usually based off a news story that is relevant to sports.\u201d 4. Hill Joined ESPN in 2006 As a Columnist &amp; Mentioned Race in Her Columns Hill has been at ESPN since 2006, when she joined EPSN.com as a columnist. Over time, she began appearing on ESPN TV shows, including First Take, Outside the Lines and others. A short time after she was hired, she spoke with the Columbia Journalism Review about being a young, black female journalist and the reaction you get when you write about race. \u201cAny time you write about race, people get incensed,\u201d Hill said in 2006. \u201cI recently wrote a column saying that there is just as much evidence against Lance Armstrong as there is [against] Barry Bonds, and part of the reason there is this extraordinary benefit of the doubt extended to Lance is because he\u2019s white. That\u2019s not the overwhelming reason, mind you. Just a factor in the whole equation. I got a ton of mail about that one, even though I posed the racial element in the next-to-last graf of the column.\u201d In 2011, she started the His &amp; Hers podcast with Michael Smith, which soon replaced Smith\u2019s Numbers Never Lie in 2013. They continued hosting the show until they moved to SportsCenter. Their part of the show is known as SC6 With Michael And Jemele. The Los Angeles Times reported in March that Smith and Hill signed new contracts, even as ESPN had its massive lay-off earlier this year. Hill told Dan Patrick that their contracts weren\u2019t up for another year when they were approached to host SC6. \u201cThe fact that they asked us to do this, that\u2019s a key part of it. This was not our plan. We were about a year out from our contract being up,\u201d Hill said in January. \u201cWe knew that they liked us and wanted us to keep doing our thing. We were of the mentality that we were just going to be His and Hers. And what were things that were needed to improve that? And the way it just kind of happened caught us by surprise.\u201d 5. Hill Was Suspended in 2008 for Writing That Rooting for the Celtics Would Be Like \u2018Saying Hitler Was a Victim\u2019 In 2008, Hill had her first brush with controversy at ESPN. The Detroit native compared rooting for the Boston Celtics instead of the Pistons to \u201csaying Hitler was a victim.\u201d \u201cRooting for the Celtics is like saying Hitler was a victim. It\u2019s like hoping Gorbachev would get to the blinking red button before Reagan. Deserving or not, I still hate the Celtics,\u201d Hill wrote. Hill was suspended for a week and the statement was taken out of her column. She also wrote an apology. However, this was actually just the start of another controversy, as ESPN\u2019s Lou Holtz made a similar remark later that year. He apologized too, but wasn\u2019t suspended. In an interview with Deadspin, Hill shrugged it off. \u201cMany have said that ESPN treated me unfairly. The 64,0 question: How do I really feel? My initial answer is a story, or rather, a moment,\u201d she told Deadspin in 2008. \u201cA couple years ago, I was visiting the Poynter Institute, one of the foremost journalism think tanks in the country, and I sat in on a session taught by one of my favorite columnist and people, the Washington Post\u2019s Sally Jenkins. A student asked her if she ever got upset when other writers rewarded \u2014 particularly if she knew they weren\u2019t as good. And Sally said \u2014 and I\u2019m paraphrasing here \u2014 that she always prided herself on keeping her eyes on her own career. That\u2019s my answer. That\u2019s how I feel.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 216}
{"text": "Warwickshire Police believe the suspect may have been wearing a wig in this picture Linda Gibbs died on 31 August aged 70. She was told her cancer diagnosis was terminal on 14 July. Hours after receiving the news, she was called by someone claiming to be from her telephone provider who told her a direct debit payment had failed. She gave them her bank details and PIN number and was told someone would come and collect her card to sort the payment out. A woman arrived at her home in Nuneaton and collected the card, which was then used to buy thousands of pounds worth of jewellery. Warwickshire Police called the criminals 'heartless' Warwickshire Police have released photographs of a woman they want to interview in connection with the investigation, who, they say, may have been wearing a wig at the time the pictures were taken. Mrs Gibbs' daughter, Anita Foxley, said: \"My mum was very vulnerable after being told she had terminal cancer and to be targeted by these people is unforgivable. The extra stress this put on her life in her last days was unbearable. \"When they targeted her. she must have been at the lowest point that she's ever been at. I imagine that they preyed on that. Obviously they must have been very convincing, and mum must have trusted them,\" she added. \"I would really like to see justice served on the woman who came to my mum's door that day.\" Kevin Knight, of Warwickshire Police, said: \"These types of heartless criminals regularly prey on the most vulnerable members of the community and in this case they have targeted someone who had just received the most awful news. \"You can only imagine the impact this had on the final weeks of Mrs Gibbs' life and the anger it continues to cause her family. We believe the woman in these photos has information that will be vital to our enquiries. Please bear in mind that she might be wearing a wig,\" he added.", "label": 0, "id": 112}
{"text": "\u201cIf we measured political ability by a person\u2019s capacity to say laughable talking points with a straight face, Susan Rice has to be the politician of the century.\u201d Susan Rice has a unique gift to make the news every time she speaks. Instead of looking in the mirror and considering her ill-advised statements about the cause of terrorism and a deserter\u2019s supposedly meritorious record, this time she blames the backlash on the intersection of race and gender. In short, she claims she is being attacked because she is a black woman. In reality, she is being attacked because she is a ridiculous partisan hack, whose disconnect from basic facts and ability to repeat the most ridiculous spin and talking points from the Obama administration is as ridiculous as it is stunning. If we measured political ability by a person\u2019s capacity to say laughable talking points with a straight face, Susan Rice has to be the politician of the century. She first made the news when she commented on the 2012 attacks in Libya that killed the US ambassador and 3 other Americans. Hillary Clinton\u2019s State Department emails (the ones that weren\u2019t illegally deleted of course), revealed that she told multiple people almost immediately that the events in Libya were terrorist attacks. But in public, Susan Rice went on five Sunday talk shows to claim they attacked in response to a video even though it was plainly obvious to anybody watching that there was more to the attack than a video. The next time she resurfaced she tried to defend Bowe Bergdahl, an army soldier captured by the Taliban. When the Obama administration secured his release Susan Rice again went on morning talk shows. This time she said he served with \u201c honor and distinction.\u201d But this was completely outrageous because most of his comrades said he defected to the enemy and the army court martialed him for desertion. The trade also sparked a significant debate over the wisdom in trading one (subpar) soldier for five terrorists. Now she has resurfaced again. Her name has entered the conversation in regards to the so-called Russian hacking of the election. Among all of the arguing, Susan Rice admitted to being one of the individuals that unmasked figures in the Trump campaign. Unlike the hysteria over little more than innuendo linking the Trump campaign with Russia, unmasking can be a serious crime. As a result she has been the subject of intense disagreement and scrutiny. Despite regularly sticking her foot in her mouth and repeating talking points that have tenuous connections to reality, she now blames much of the backlash on racism and sexism. An independent prosecutor will investigate the matter and all related issues. Until then, I\u2019m marveling at the utter ineptness of Susan Rice. She supplies so many howling and guffaw inducing talking points but does it with such sincerity and a straight face that I almost wish she would be in the news every day. To have a partisan hack that is willing to spy on their political enemies and fall on their sword must be important for Obama and Clinton. But she also supplies her own daggers every time she speaks.", "label": 1, "id": 77}
{"text": "Original report: Web hosting company GoDaddy is booting the Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website, over an inflammatory post about the woman killed in the deadly car attack on people protesting a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. According to CBS News, GoDaddy announced the move after receiving complaints about an article on the site that made derogatory comments about Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer's appearance and views. \"We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service,\" GoDaddy tweeted from its verified account. We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. \u2014 GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017 Hours later, a post appeared on the Daily Stormer claiming that hacking group Anonymous had taken control of the site and would shut it down within 24 hours. \"THIS SITE IS NOW UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS,\" the post read. \"WE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM.\" Anonymous tweeted that it had \"no confirmation\" that its hackers were involved and suggested that the Daily Stormer was behind the stunt. We have no confirmation that \"Anonymous\" is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host. 5p \u2014 Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017 Anonymous later added, \"To be clear, we're saying they weren't hacked. This is DS lying in an attempt to play victim to their audience later.\" To be clear, we're saying they weren't hacked. This is DS lying in an attempt to play victim to their audience later. \u2014 Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017 \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 448}
{"text": "A Muslim man was shocked to have his request for a judge to acknowledge Sharia law denied in court. Nadir Ibrahim Ombabi, a Minnesota taxi driver, was killed in a car accident. Following his passing, legal proceedings began to determine a settlement for his spouse or surviving family. A wrongful death suit was filed, in which Ombabi's estate was rewarded $183,0 to go to his wife. Ombabi's brother, Hasameldin Ibrahim Imbabi, subsequently disputed the ruling on the grounds that the money should be distributed to his family in accordance with Sharia law. One of the specifics of that argument was that the men should receive \"twice the share of the female.\" \"[The brother] further asserts that \u201cthe principles of the private international law should have been applied from the beginning since the law of all parties (the decedent, his widow and decedent[\u2018s] next of kin) is the Islamic Law and they are all Muslims and follow the specifics of the religion.\u201d \u2026 [The brother\u2019s] main assertion of error appears to be that the district court should have applied Sudanese Islamic law instead of Minnesota law when distributing the wrongful-death settlement proceeds\u2026. [He] also asserts that the district court erred by refusing to honor a legal declaration issued by the Sudanese Family Court in Khartoum regarding distribution of the wrongful-death settlement proceeds under Sudanese Islamic law,\" court documents stated, the Washington Post reported. The judge, however, denied the man's argument due to lack of legal representation and specious arguments. Many reader applauded the judge's decision to reject Sharia law. \"Muslim man has no grounds to stand on with that, Sharia Law has NO place in this country . these people need to get it through their thick skull that the US Constitution which is law of our land and Sharia Law does not and cannot co-exist in our land!\" one Newsiosity reader commented on the site's Facebook page. \"Welcome to America. If you want to immigrate here and live here then follow our laws and rules. \"When in Rome Do as the Romans Do \" You are in our country . respect the laws here or go back to your original country. This an example of what is totally wrong with this country now Everyone who comes here wants America to accommodate them and expect us to change . Not happening,\" another added.", "label": 0, "id": 596}
{"text": "SANTA MARIA, Calif. - California is now officially a \"sanctuary state\" after Governor Brown signed controversial State Senate Bill 54 which limits local law enforcement cooperation with federal immigration authorities. SB 54, called the California Values Act, was hard fought in the state legislature on its way to the Governor's desk over the issue of public safety versus protecting people living in California illegally. SB 54 protects jail inmates from being held in custody until immigration agents can come and pick them up regardless of their immigration status. The California State Sheriff's Association strongly opposed SB 54 saying, among other things, it protects so-called non-violent offenders including gang members, drug dealers and sex offenders from deportation. SB 54 also protects illegal immigrants from deportation while at public schools, hospitals and courts. \"Today I am very pleased to announce the governor of the great State of California, Governor Jerry Brown, signed Senate Bill 54, the California Values Act\", said Democrat Senator Kevin De Leon of Los Angeles who introduced SB 54 earlier this year in response to the Trump Administration's immigration policies, \"our President is pursuing biased law enforcement policies based on the principles of white supremacy.\" In a written statement after signing SB 54 into law Thursday, Governor Brown said the California Values Act \"does not prevent or prohibit ICE or the Department of Homeland Security from doing their own work in any way. This protects public safety and ensures that hard working people who contribute to the state are respected.\" The Trump Administration has been threatening to withhold federal funds from states that declare themselves as sanctuaries. The California Values Act takes effect January 1, 2018.", "label": 0, "id": 388}
{"text": "* [ / /ct-wisconsin-voters-pro-trump-america-20170207-story.html Rural Wisconsin voters await economic revival in a part of now pro-Trump America]. This article is from the ''Chicago Tribune''. Published on February 7, 2017 and written by '''Claire Galofaro''' of the ''Associated Press'', it is based on interviews with former Obama voters who then voted for Trump in [[Crawford County, Wisconsin]].([[Crawford County, Wisconsin|Crawford County]] is one of twenty-three [[Pivot Counties in Wisconsin]].) * [ / /ct-wisconsin-voters-pro-trump-america-20170207-story.html Rural Wisconsin voters await economic revival in a part of now pro-Trump America]. This article is from the ''Chicago Tribune''. Published on February 7, 2017 and written by '''Claire Galofaro''' of the ''Associated Press'', it is based on interviews with former Obama voters who then voted for Trump in [[Crawford County, Wisconsin]].([[Crawford County, Wisconsin|Crawford County]] is one of twenty-three [[Pivot Counties in Wisconsin]].) +::*Ms. Garafola also wrote ''[ How a community changed by refugees came to embrace Trump]'' for the Associated Press on April 19, 2017 about [[Androscoggin County, Maine]] and ''[ Trump won places drowning in despair. Can he save them?]'' on August 19, 2017 about voters in [[Grays Harbor County, Washington]]. * [ /story/2017/02/donald-trump-support-popularity-vigo-county-214774 I'm Still All Trumped Up]. Politico Magazine; February 13, 2017; author '''Adam Wren'''. This article is about [[Vigo County, Indiana|Vigo County]], which is one of five [[Pivot Counties in Indiana]]. * [ /story/2017/02/donald-trump-support-popularity-vigo-county-214774 I'm Still All Trumped Up]. Politico Magazine; February 13, 2017; author '''Adam Wren'''. This article is about [[Vigo County, Indiana|Vigo County]], which is one of five [[Pivot Counties in Indiana]].", "label": 0, "id": 505}
{"text": "Republican Candidate Mr. Trump says Mrs. Clinton wants \u201camnesty for everybody, come on in, come on over.\u201d Hillary Clinton Mrs. Clinton said that she had helped eight million children obtain health coverage, Sept. 11 responders receive medical care and children get safer medicines. Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton ignored 600 requests for increased security from J. Christopher Stevens, the ambassador to Libya, and communicated only with Sidney Blumenthal. Mr. Trump accused Mrs. Clinton of being there for President Obama\u2019s \u201cline in the sand\u201d in Syria. She said she wasn\u2019t. Mr. Trump, referring to the effect of Nafta and other free-trade agreements, said, \u201cWe lost our jobs.\u201d Mr. Trump said that the United States signed a \u201cpeace treaty\u201d to bring an end to the civil war in Syria. Mr. Trump admitted that he used a $916 million loss declared on his 1995 tax returns to avoid paying federal income taxes. But he refused to say how many years he paid no income tax and simultaneously claimed to have paid a \u201ctremendous\u201d amount of taxes. Mr. Trump said we have hundreds of thousands of people pouring into the United States from places like Syria, and we have no idea who they are. Mr. Trump said that growth is \u201cdown to 1 percent\u201d and that taxes in the United States are the \u201chighest in the world.\u201d \u201cSince the Great Recession the gains have all gone to the top.\u201d Mr. Trump said \u201cmaybe there is no hacking,\u201d in response to Mrs. Clinton\u2019s claim that Russians are engaged in an unprecedented effort to influence the election \u2014 on Mr. Trump\u2019s behalf. Mr. Trump said that Mrs. Clinton \u201cwants to go to a single-payer plan\u201d like the health care system in Canada. Mr. Trump said \u201cmany people saw\u201d bombs all over the apartment of a couple who committed the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, Calif. Mrs. Clinton deleted 33,0 emails from her private server even after she got a subpoena from Congress. Mr. Trump said that a Clinton associate pushed the \u201cbirther\u201d notion against Obama in 2008. Mrs. Clinton said there was no evidence her email has been hacked by a foreign power. Former President Bill Clinton was impeached, lost his law license and paid an $850,0 fine to Paula Jones. Mr. Trump accused Mrs. Clinton of laughing about getting a man acquitted of raping a 12-year-old girl. When Mr. Trump was asked whether he has kissed women or groped women without consent, as he claimed on a recently released video, Mr. Trump said no, he had not. Mr. Trump said that Obamacare is leading to insurance rate increases that are \u201castronomical.\u201d Mr. Trump said that last year, the United States had a trade deficit of $800 billion.", "label": 0, "id": 362}
{"text": "SEATTLE - Three brothers in their 70s and 80s have been arrested in Seattle for allegedly possessing images of child-sex abuse with police still investigating them, according to Seattle Police Department. &gt;&gt; Read about the latest in the investigation here Key developments: 82-year-old Charles Emery, 80-year-old Thomas Emery and 79-year-old Edwin Emery were charged Monday with two counts of possession of depictions of minors engaged in sexual conduct. Police say a family member was cleaning the men's Green Lake home and discovered what she believed to be materials depicting the sexual abuse of a child. Charging papers say authorities including members of the FBI's internet Crimes Against Children Task Force searched the home, finding evidence prosecutors say that each of the men spent the majority of their lives sexually abusing children and exploiting children depicted in child pornography. Detectives say it was Charles' \"manifestos\" about Satanic rituals, kidnapping, raping and killing girls that led them to dig under sheds, searching for evidence of potential murder. What the investigation first found On Aug. 19, Seattle child sex crime detectives say they acted on a tip from a relative who arrived to clean out the garage of the brothers. The relative called 911. At the home, detectives collected a staggering amount of child porn. They also found evidence of the sexual exploitation of young girls as well as children's worn clothing and underwear, children\u2019s shoes, toys and movies. Homeland Security's Internet Child Exploitation team assisted in the search, which involved digging for potential buried evidence under locked sheds and garages. About the brothers Neighbors in the quiet Green Lake neighborhood along Northeast 59th St.Street say they always wondered about the dilapidated house and the three guarded, mysterious Emery brothers who lived there since 1962. \"I've never seen a girlfriend, a wife, a woman of any type visit that house,\" said Don Smith, who lives next door. Seattle police say the brothers, ranging in age from 78 to 82, began molesting their own sister and eventually molested other young relatives for decades. None of them had ever married, none had their own children or many relationships outside their own siblings. Police arrested 82-year-old Charles Lee Emery in a Queen Anne nursing home. Eighty-year-old Thomas Edwin Emery and 78-year-old Edwin Harold Emery were arrested at their home. Scroll down to read about the manifesto. RELATED COVERAGE: Detectives say Charles, Thomas and Edwin sexually molested young relatives for years, and collected pictures and even children's shoes. But detectives say it was Charles' \"manifestos\" about Satanic rituals, kidnapping, raping and killing girls that led them to dig under sheds, searching for evidence of potential murder. Detectives say one of Charles' writings was found buried and partially burned -- along with a child's hat. \"Their writings express desires to kill children,\" said Capt. Mike Edwards, who leads SPD's Internet Crimes Against Children (ICAC) task force. The search extended from the home in the Green Lake neighborhood to another home the brothers owned 90 miles away in Shelton. \"It's very clear that these three individuals have an obsession with young female children, they've had this obsession for most if not all of their lives, and they acted on it,\" said Edwards. Charging documents indicate SPD detectives questioned Edwin Emery and his relatives about child porn found on his computer in 2013, but no charges were ever filed. Now detectives are hoping to identify the children in the photos and they hope to find victims who may have been molested decades ago and never came forward. Neighbors react to brothers\u2019 charges Neighbors have been wondering exactly what happened in this home since investigators swarmed the home over the weekend. The new details Seattle police and court documents revealed leave them stunned. For decades, neighbors didn't think much about the three brothers who've lived there for 55 years. \u201cI just thought they were harmless weird old guys,\u201d said Julie Vandenberg, who lives directly across the street. Neighbors saw the investigators in hazardous materials suits and police bring out box after box of evidence on Friday and Saturday. Watch coverage from our report over the weekend below, scroll down to keep reading. \u201cIt was shocking. I didn\u2019t know what to think,\u201d said Smith, who watched investigators work late into the night Friday from his home next door. \u201cIt\u2019s way worse than I thought. It is sickening, it's really sickening,\u201d Vandenberg said. \u201cSomething happened to little children here - it sounds like little girls, and that's horrific.\u201d Neighbors say many young children live on the block. The neighbors say they wish they would've noticed some sign earlier, about what was going on in the house but they're just glad the three brothers aren't there to victimize kids any longer. Neighbor Don Smith said he was surprised the allegations were kept quiet for so long. \"I mean, to be next door to these guys for all these years, if. If they're going out every day and doing something like that, I was like, wow. This is too much\" \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 180}
{"text": "Trump had just married Melania when the recording was made in 2005 A couple of weeks ago, after the row over Trump \"fat-shaming\" Alicia Machado, I suggested the Republican candidate lay off our weight. Warning: This article contains some graphic language Now, and I can hardly believe I'm having to write this, I suggest he lay off our vaginas. The day after a video tape emerged in which he suggested he could have any woman he wants because he's a star and so could just \"grab them by the pussy\", Mr Trump is in a whole ocean of hot political water. Enough, quite possibly, to sink any chance he had of winning the White House. Why this tape - and not the myriad other controversies that have dogged him in recent weeks? First, analyse what he actually says. There is something particularly sexist, I'd say abusive, about this recording. Read this excerpt: \"When you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything.\" \"Whatever you want,\" the interviewer says. \"Grab 'em by the pussy, you can do anything,\" Trump replies.\" It's the way Mr Trump reveals that he sees women as a piece of sexual meat, something he wants, grabs, discards that is so damning. Lay off a woman's size, Trump Is the Trump campaign done for? Could Republicans still dump Trump? The role of gender in the debate Surveys (US government and UN) suggest one in five American women are the victim of rape or attempted rape and a staggering 83% of girls suffer sexual harassment at school. Mr Trump is not guilty of either of those but his language is exactly the kind of language that encourages men and boys to feel it's okay to abuse women. There is a violence in the phrases \"grab 'em by the pussy\" and \"you can do anything\" that any victim of abuse would recognise and that most women would find sickening. To dismiss the tape as mere \"locker room banter\" and imply that the people who are offended are making an unnecessary fuss, or to say, as he did in his bizarre overnight apology tape, that this is just a distraction, compounds his problem. Trump has offended many groups of people before But this tape doesn't just offend women, judging from the reaction in the Republican party - it has offended a lot of men too. Whether those men will now withdraw their endorsements of him is yet to be seen. Mr Trump has denigrated people before. His comments about Muslims and Mexicans have arguably been equally grotesque and many, including some Republicans, have suggested they disqualified him for the presidency too. Not everyone in America, however, knows a Muslim or a Mexican. Most people, and most voters, do have wives, mothers, sisters or daughters and that's why this tape touches a nerve, with both sexes, in a way his previous remarks haven't. Powerful men using their position to get sex is nothing new, even in the White House. JFK and Bill Clinton paved that path. Today some of Trump's supporters are making the case that anyone who voted for Bill Clinton has no right to be offended by Donald Trump. Will the subject of Bill Clinton's infidelities now come up at Sunday's debate? I've been critical of Mr Clinton's treatment of women, and of Mrs Clinton's role in shielding him, but those supporters are missing the point. In 2016, don't we all want more from our leaders than another man who feels getting sex from whoever they want, whenever they want is simply one of the perks of power? For my two daughters, I know I do. How Mr Trump manages the fallout from this isn't clear. He doesn't like apologising. Indeed, he has bragged about never doing so. Yet overnight he did release a video statement in which he said: \"I said it, I was wrong, and I apologise.\" In the tape he then goes on to attack both Clintons' records. So on Sunday night, when he debates with Hillary Clinton for the second time, will he raise the issue of Bill Clinton's affairs and Hillary's role in discrediting the women involved, or will he keep quiet about sex altogether? In the past Mr Trump has not been able to resist lashing out when he's under attack. So, whatever his advisers may caution, I suspect we will see more of that in St Louis on Sunday night.", "label": 1, "id": 587}
{"text": "HUNTINGTON BEACH (FOX 11 / CNS) - New video has emerged showing what happened before the shooting took place that left a man dead in Huntington Beach on Friday. A Huntington Beach police officer fatally shot a suspect outside a 7-Eleven store Friday in a confrontation that was caught on video and posted online. WARNING: VIDEO CONTAINS GRAPHIC IMAGES AND CONTENT The shooting occurred about 9:30 a.m. outside the store at 6012 Edinger Ave., where the suspect got into a scuffle with the officer just before the shooting, according to a Huntington Beach Police Department spokeswoman. The suspect later died at a hospital, police said. It happened fast, and like most everything these days, was captured on cell phone video by a bystander. A Huntington Beach Police Officer, in a violent struggle with a man outside a 7-11. The man appears to be a transient, and what spurred their initial interaction is still not clear. After a few seconds of fighting.the two pull away, the man appears to have something in his hand. What it is is not clear. The officer, a few feet away, takes aim with his handgun and fires, once.twice.7 times. The suspect at first takes the shots standing up, then crumbles to the ground. It's quite graphic, quite real, and quite dramatic. In fact, we don't even want to show it on TV it's that violent. The suspect would later die at a hospital and per protocol, the Orange County Sheriff is taking over the investigation. What made this all the more scary was that diagonally across the street is Marina High School. Police ordered it ''locked down'' and immediately cell phones lit up with texts and emails between parents, students, and administrators. There was confusion and near panic among some over reports that there was an active shooter on campus, which there was not. Why? Well, it appears that the shooting happened adjacent to a shopping center called 'Marina Village'. On campus there's an area referred to as ''The Village\", so reports of a shooting in ''The Village\" or at \"The Village'' led to understandable confusion. Yet one of the benefits of social media and that fact that every student has a cell phone, is that the accurate story got out there quickly and students and parents worst fears were calmed within minutes. Cell phone video of the shooting was posted on Twitter, showing the officer firing five shots at the suspect, who stumbles, collapses against a wall of the convenience store, then crumples to the ground.", "label": 0, "id": 398}
{"text": "As previously reported, embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein is the subject of a devastating expose detailing decades of sexual harassment. Donald Trump Jr. trolled Hillary Clinton on Saturday in a viral tweet. \u201cWeird, Hillary has been really quiet about Harvey Weinstein. You would think she would be all Over this. #WhatHappened?\u201d Weird, Hillary has been really quiet about Harvey Weinstein. You would think she would be all Over this. #WhatHappened? \u2014 Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) October 7, 2017 But Don Jr. wasn\u2019t finished yet. Donald Trump Jr. challenged sometime comedian Jimmy Kimmel to share his thoughts on liberal icon and sexual predator Harvey Weinstein. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 0, "id": 636}
{"text": "You know it's an election year when the President of the United States is tweeting about the NFL's referee apocalypse. NFL fans on both sides of the aisle hope the refs' lockout is settled soon. -bo - Barack Obama (@BarackObama) September 25, 2012 Obama's Twitter feed then pointed to a recent telephone interview with WTAM-AM in Cleveland, in which the POTUS pined for the return of locked-out officals. \"But one thing I got to say, though, is it just me or do we have to get our regular refs back?\" Obama asked WTAM's Bill Willis ( via the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel). \"I can't get involved with it, but I'm just expressing my point of view as a sports fan.\" In a potentially related story, Mitt Romney has dropped Paul Ryan as his running mate in favor of Ed Hochuli. Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @danhanzus.", "label": 0, "id": 297}
{"text": "Donald J. Trump Mr. Trump said that health insurance premiums were \u201cgoing up 60, 70, 80 percent,\u201d and \u201cnext year, they\u2019re going to go up over 100 percent.\u201d Tens of thousands of Syrian refugees \u201cwho are definitely ISIS-aligned \u2014 we now have them in our country.\u201d Mr. Trump said a cease-fire agreement between the United States and Russia allowed Russia to control more territory in Syria, because the Russians outplayed the United States. On projections that Mr. Trump\u2019s proposals would raise the national debt, he said that \u201cthey\u2019re wrong because I\u2019m going to create tremendous jobs.\u201d Mr. Trump criticized the Obama administration\u2019s support of publicizing in advance the Iraqi-led attack on Mosul, which just began. Mr. Trump said the nuclear deal with Iran will \u201cabsolutely\u201d let it obtain nuclear weapons. Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump tweeted that the Emmy\u2019s were \u201crigged\u201d when he did not win for \u201cThe Apprentice.\u201d Regarding Mrs. Clinton\u2019s private email server, Mr. Trump said that \u201cshe\u2019s guilty of a very, very serious crime.\u201d Mr. Trump asserted that $6 billion went missing from the State Department while Mrs. Clinton was secretary of state. Mrs. Clinton said that when her husband, Bill Clinton, was president, the fiscal position of the federal government improved: A $300 billion budget deficit turned into a $200 billion surplus, she said. And, she added, \u201cwe were actually on the path to eliminating the national debt.\u201d Mrs. Clinton said Mr. Trump didn\u2019t even raise the issue of the border wall with the Mexican president, since he choked. Mr. Trump said Mrs. Clinton deleted 33,0 of her private emails after she got a subpoena. When asked about the many women who have come forward to allege they were kissed or groped by Mr. Trump without their consent, Mr. Trump said the stories were largely debunked. Hillary Clinton \u201cWe\u2019ve lost our jobs. We\u2019ve lost our businesses. We\u2019re not making things anymore.\u201d Mr. Trump suggested that South Korea and Japan do not pay any of the costs of maintaining American military bases on their territory. Mrs. Clinton said her fiscal plan \u201cdoesn\u2019t add a penny to the debt.\u201d Mrs. Clinton said that Mr. Trump\u2019s economic plan \u201cmight lose 3.5 million jobs\u201d while giving tax cuts to people at the very top. \u201cPeople are going to pour in from Syria \u2014 she wants 550 percent more than Barack Obama.\u201d Mrs. Clinton said that Mr. Trump is willing to \u201cspout the Putin line\u201d and \u201cget help from him\u201d in the election. Mr. Trump said \u201cour country has no idea\u201d if the Russians are responsible for the emails published by WikiLeaks. Mr. Trump said that Mrs. Clinton\u2019s support for abortion rights would allow a fetus to be ripped from a woman\u2019s womb in the ninth month of pregnancy, in some cases just a few days before a baby is born. Mr. Trump said Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg was forced to apologize for negative comments about him. Mrs. Clinton said the Citizens United decision by the Supreme Court allowed \u201cdark money\u201d to stream into politics.", "label": 0, "id": 363}
{"text": "NEW YORK (KGUN9-TV) - Arizona Congressman Raul Grijalva has been released from police custody following his arrest in New York Tuesday. The Tucson area legislator was part of a group sitting in the street in front of Trump Tower. He was involved in a demonstration protesting President Donald Trump's plans to end DACA; the order from then-President Obama protecting from deportation undocumented people who were brought to the U.S. when they were too young to have decided on their own to come to this country. Grijalva was charged with two counts of disorderly conduct-one for disrupting traffic, one for refusing to disperse. A public information officer for New York Police says the Congressman was fingerprinted and given paperwork instructing him to appear before a judge at a future date. Police arrested ten people in all. Grijalva has been a vocal critic of President Trump and his policies, and a strong advocate for protecting DACA recipients from deportation.", "label": 0, "id": 389}
{"text": "Donald Trump speaks at a rally in Raleigh, North Carolina. (Getty) Heading into Election Day 2016, the Donald Trump campaign has a very specific path to 270 Electoral College votes. In order to win the election, Trump must win nearly every single battleground state and retain every state that Mitt Romney won in 2012 as well. Plus, there are a few states that Trump is hoping to flip from blue to red. So what exactly are the states that Trump needs to win if he hopes to become president? First, there are 21 states that Donald Trump will win essentially by default. These are the states that traditionally always vote for the Republican candidate, and they add up to 163 Electoral College votes. If Hillary Clinton were to somewhat win in just one of these states, it would be a complete shock. The states are: Alabama Alaska Arkansas Idaho Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska North Dakota Oklahoma South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah West Virginia Wyoming Then there are two states that usually vote for the Republican candidate but where Hillary Clinton has actually been somewhat close in the polls. Still, it seems likely that these states will stay red as they have been for a long time, but it\u2019s necessary for Trump to defend himself here if he wants to win the election. Those states are: Arizona Georgia If we add these two states to Donald Trump\u2019s column, plus all the traditionally red states, the Republican nominee is now at 190 Electoral College votes. He needs 80 more votes to become president. What remains are six battleground states that could realistically be won by either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton. Those battlegrounds are: Florida Iowa Maine\u2019s 2nd Congressional District Nevada New Hampshire North Carolina Ohio All of these states add up to 80 Electoral College votes, meaning that if Trump wins all of the states we have mentioned so far, he hits 270 electors exactly, and he becomes the next president of the United States. The state that Donald Trump absolutely must win in order to be elected president is Florida. Technically Trump can win without it, but the path would become so narrow as a result that it\u2019s almost impossible to imagine Hillary Clinton not winning if she turns Florida blue. If Florida is called for Hillary Clinton on the evening of November 8th, you can essentially consider this the announcement that Hillary Clinton has won the presidency. Florida is worth 29 Electoral College votes. Really, though, Trump does not have much wiggle room, and so basically all of the six battleground states \u2013 plus one battleground district \u2013 are must wins for him. Because the aforementioned path is so narrow, the Trump campaign is also looking at a fourth category, states that are leaning towards Hillary Clinton and that traditionally vote blue but that Trump hopes he can turn red. Winning any one of these would dramatically increase his odds of victory, as they would give him some room to lose another battleground state but still win the election. Winning any of them would also start eating into Hillary Clinton\u2019s path rather than simply forging Donald Trump\u2019s. Those blue states, accompanied by the lead Hillary Clinton currently has in the polls according to Real Clear Politics, are: Colorado (Clinton +3) Michigan (Clinton +5) Minnesota (Clinton +6.4) Pennsylvania (Clinton +2.8) Virginia (Clinton +4.3) Wisconsin (Clinton +6.5) To summarize, with each of the battlegrounds (Florida, Iowa, Maine\u2019s 2nd Congressional District, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina and Ohio) losing one means Trump must make up for it by winning a combination of blue states (Colorado, Michigan, Minnesota, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin) . If Trump loses a single battleground but does not compensate for it with a victory in a blue state, Hillary Clinton wins the election. And if Trump loses two battleground states, that will be almost impossible to recover from. With that in mind, here are a few scenarios, albeit somewhat unlikely scenarios, where Trump could recover from the loss in a battleground state. If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for New Hampshire Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Colorado, bringing him to 275 Trump wins Michigan, bringing him to 282 Trump wins Minnesota, bringing him to 276 Trump wins Pennsylvania, bringing him to 286 Trump wins Virginia, bringing him to 279 Trump wins Wisconsin, bringing him to 276 If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for Nevada Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Colorado, bringing him to 273 Trump wins Michigan, bringing him to 280 Trump wins Minnesota, bringing him to 274 Trump wins Pennsylvania, bringing him to 284 Trump wins Wisconsin, bringing him to 274 Trump wins Virginia, bringing him to 277 If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for North Carolina\u2026 Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Pennsylvania, bringing him to 275 Trump wins Minnesota and Colorado, bringing him to 274 Trump wins Michigan, bringing him to 271 Trump wins Virginia and Colorado, bringing him to 277 Trump wins Virginia and Wisconsin, bringing him to 278 Trump wins Wisconsin and Colorado, bringing him to 274 If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for Ohio\u2026 Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Michigan and Colorado, bringing him to 277 Trump wins Minnesota and Colorado, bringing him to 271 Trump wins Pennsylvania, bring him to 272 Trump wins Virginia and Colorado, bringing him to 274 Trump wins Wisconsin and Michigan, bringing him to 278 If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for Florida\u2026 Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Colorado, Minnesota and Wisconsin, bringing him to 270 Trump wins Colorado, Michigan and Wisconsin, bringing him to 276 Trump wins Pennsylvania and Virginia, bringing him to 274 If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for Iowa\u2026 Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Colorado, bringing him to 273 Trump wins Michigan, bringing him to 280 Trump wins Minnesota, bringing him to 274 Trump wins Pennsylvania, bringing him to 284 Trump wins Virginia, bringing him to 277 Trump wins Wisconsin, bringing him to 274 If Trump wins all the battlegrounds except for Maine\u2019s 2nd Congressional District\u2026 Trump loses, or\u2026 Trump wins Colorado, bringing him to 278 Trump wins Michigan, bringing him to 285 Trump wins Minnesota, bringing him to 279 Trump wins Pennsylvania, bringing him to 289 Trump wins Virginia, bringing him to 282 Trump wins Wisconsin, bringing him to 279 Read more about Donald Trump and Melania in Spanish at AhoraMismo.com: Join over 240,0 people who get the most important news stories and the best shopping deals from Heavy \u2013 Delivered right to your inbox.", "label": 0, "id": 148}
{"text": "A \"Muslim migrant\" beats up a boy on crutches in a video posted to a site in the Netherlands. On 29 November 2017, United States President Donald Trump retweeted three videos from Jayden Fransen, the deputy leader of the far-right anti-Islam organization Britain First who was found guilty of religiously aggravated harassment in November 2016. As this group has a penchant for sharing out-of-context, misleading, and false information, it wasn\u2019t surprising that at least one of these videos, which purportedly shows violent acts committed by Muslims, had a misleading caption : Although the video is frequently accompanied by the caption \u201cMuslim migrant beats up Dutch boy on crutches,\u201d there is no evidence to support this assertion, which in fact came, like so many other unfortunate assumptions, from its comment section. This video was first posted to the web site Dumpert.nl, a popular video portal in the Netherlands, in May 2017. Although the original posting largely focuses on the act of hitting a person on crutches, and it was not shared with any claims about the attacker\u2019s religion, some people on the comment section naturally \u2014 and baselessly \u2014 assumed that the perpetrator was Muslim. As the video was reposted to other web sites, the unfounded claim that the attacker was a Muslim migrant followed it. Shortly after this video was posted to Dumpert.nl, Dutch police officers were able to locate the attacker and arrest him. A news report from the Telegraaf identified him as a 16-year-old boy from Monnickendam. The report made no mention of the boy\u2019s religion. Further, when this months-old video was brought back into the spotlight in November 2017 thanks to a retweet from President Trump, Dumpert.nl posted a short article that mocked Trump for sharing the video: (By the way, fake news! Dader was geen moslim en geen immigrant. Maar leuk geprobeerd Trumpie) (By the way, fake news! Perpetrator was not a Muslim and not an immigrant, but nice try Trumpie) Geenstijl, the web site that operates Dumpert, also stated that the attacker in the video was not a Muslim: Moreover, the perpetrator was not a Muslim, let alone a migrant, but simply a Dutchman. The official Twitter account of the Public Prosecution Service of North Holland also disputed the claim that the attacker in this video was a Muslim migrant. In a message posted on 29 November 2017, they explained that the video showed a May 2017 quarrel between two minors. The attacker, who was born in the Netherlands, was placed in the HALT Program, an alternative settlement for young first time offenders: A video has been shared on twitter in which an argument between two underage boys can be seen. This incident took place in May of this year. The public prosecution service Noord-Holland has studied the file submitted by the police. (1/2) The suspect, who was born and raised in the Netherlands, received a HALT settlement ( 62MNOFvug). This has been successfully completed. (2/2) The Netherlands Embassy in the United States also took to Twitter to tell to President Trump that \u201cfacts do matter\u201d and that the attacker in the video was not a Muslim migrant: . @realDonaldTrump Facts do matter. The perpetrator of the violent act in this video was born and raised in the Netherlands. He received and completed his sentence under Dutch law.", "label": 0, "id": 567}
{"text": "Photo Credit: Twitter @DisneyMoose and Facebook Tikiman Pages UPDATE: 09/12/17 This morning Walt Disney World opened its gates to all four theme parks to guests. Even though the parks looked immaculate, several attractions were closed today (or delayed) due to debris caused by Hurricane Irma. We walked around Magic Kingdom to see if we could identify the causes behind these delays. Walt Disney World Railroad has trees down across the tracks. Tom Sawyer Island is also currently closed due to Hurricane Irma\u2019s after effects. Jungle Cruise has also been reported as needing at least a week to remove the debris before it can be operational. ********************************************************* Hurricane Irma passed over Walt Disney World last night and has since turned into a Tropical Storm. Florida curfew remains in effect until 6pm today for Osceola and Orange counties. Approximately 300,0 are without power in Orange Country alone. Luckily we have not heard of any of the Walt Disney World Resorts losing power overnight. WFTV 9 ABC News reported earlier this morning seeing a \u201cload\u201d of tour buses pass them by. It appears they were carrying linemen to EPCOT to help get the power back on. Lights remain on at Walt Disney World and damage appears minimal 9KVo pic.twitter.com/7bSh2epOuP \u2014 WDWMAGIC.COM (@wdwmagic) September 11, 2017 Overall it seems that Walt Disney World had relatively minimal damage and the lights remain on. Disney World is still advising their resort guests to remain in their and will notify everyone once the curfew is lifted. Let\u2019s take a look at photos from the different resorts this morning post-Hurricane Irma. Please be patient as some pictures take a bit to load. Tree down @WaltDisneyWorld #caribbeanbeachresort . Just one of #IrmaWDW damages. pic.twitter. 6It8ud \u2014 mike feltner (@MikeyzDead) September 11, 2017 \u2014 mike feltner (@MikeyzDead) September 11, 2017 Caribbean Beach has some tree damage The aftermath of #HurricaneIrma, here at Disney\u2019s Port Orleans French Quarter. Quite a few trees down. \ud83c\udf33 #LiveFromWDW pic.twitter. 5mKj9 \u2014 CafeFantasia \ud83d\udcab (@CafeFantasia) September 11, 2017 Disney\u2019s Port Orleans Resort \u2013 French Quarter has quite a few trees down. \u2014 Stuart, Becky &amp; Leo (@StuartBeckyLeo1) September 11, 2017 Here's a look behind Disney's Contemporary Resort this morning: #HurricaneIrma pic.twitter. 3P0xveLG \u2014 Attractions Magazine (@Attractions) September 11, 2017 Very minor damage this side of the Animal Kingdom Lodge Savannah, already seen park rangers out surveying damage too pic.twitter.com/9yxSkBww1V \u2014 shook in wdw \ud83c\udf08 (@carackobama) September 11, 2017 Contemporary Resort and Animal Kingdom Lodge Savannah both look like they fared pretty well through the storm. From tiki man's pageOasis pool at the Polynesian pic.twitter.com/1s6EMOxtdb \u2014 Ed @ Baylakes edge (@DisneyMoose) September 11, 2017 Watching this tree fall last night at our hotel at Disney. FInally seeing itthis morning, lucky it went the other way! @WFTV @BShieldsWFTV pic.twitter. 7wAgD \u2014 Katie Herron (@Nsgirlkt) September 11, 2017 Polynesian seems to have been hit worst. Trees are down but it doesn\u2019t sound like any hit the buildings. \u2014 Theme Parks &amp; Beyond (@ParksandBeyond) September 11, 2017 All-Star Music Resort has seen its share of tree debris as well. We will continue to update this page as we receive additional information on the state of the Walt Disney World Resort this morning. Stay Tuned! Are you ready to start planning your amazing Disney vacation? Our friends at MickeyTravels (designated with Platinum Earmarked status by Disney) can help! Click Here for your FREE No Obligation Quote from one of their Authorized Disney Vacation Planners. Ready to experience Disney for yourself? There are still fantastic 2017 Summer and Fall packages to be had. Click here or send an email for a FREE, no obligation quote with an Authorized Disney Vacation Planner. Want more help planning your next Disney vacation? As an Authorized Disney Vacation Planner, my goal is to help you plan the Magic your way. I create customized itineraries, book advanced dining and FastPass+ reservations, monitor for discounts for your vacation, and much much more! And did I mention that my services are FREE? Get in touch toll-free at 1-800-454-4501, via email at mickeytravelssarah@gmail.com or follow along on Facebook. Thank you for visiting Chip and Co - Your home for the best in Disney News!", "label": 0, "id": 163}
{"text": "Following a deadly shooting in Las Vegas that has left more than 50 people dead and over 200 injured, celebrities are taking to social media to express their grief. Authorities shut down part of the Las Vegas Strip and Interstate 15 after receiving reports of an active shooter at the Route 91 Harvest festival, near the Mandalay Bay Casino at about 10:10 p.m. local time. Sheriff Joe Lombardo of Las Vegas Police confirmed at a news conference that the shooter had fired from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay. He said officers responded and the suspect was dead. Jason Aldean was performing as the shooting began. On Instagram, he said he his crew members were safe and that he was \"heartbroken.\" \"Tonight has been beyond horrific,\" he captioned a picture of the city. A post shared by Jason Aldean (@jasonaldean) on Jake Owen, who was slated to perform ahead of Aldean Sunday called the event \"unimaginable.\" \"Please pray,\" he tweeted. Praying for everyone here in Vegas. I witnessed the most unimaginable event tonight. We are okay. Others arent. Please pray.\u2014 Jake Owen (@jakeowen) October 2, 2017 Chris Young tweeted that he clung to \"the floor of a trailer behind the stage\" and later added that he felt \"lucky to be alive.\" Spent I don't know how long on the floor of a trailer behind the stage. know multiple people are dead. Listening to that gunfire.\u2014 ChrisYoungMusic (@ChrisYoungMusic) October 2, 2017 I'm not gonna say anything else other than I'm lucky to be alive. As are many others. and so many people are gone. this is heartbreaking\u2014 ChrisYoungMusic (@ChrisYoungMusic) October 2, 2017 Little Big Town performed at the same festival a year ago, and tweeted out their prayers. One year ago we played Route 91 on Sunday night. Our prayers are with all the first responders, artists, crew and mostly the country fans. pic.twitter. 7Qm6MJ\u2014 Little Big Town (@littlebigtown) October 2, 2017 Brad Paisley dedicated his prayers to those at the festival and tweeted, \"There are no words right now that suffice.\" Praying for everyone at #HarvestFestival. There are no words right now that suffice.\u2014 Brad Paisley (@BradPaisley) October 2, 2017 Miranda Lambert said her heart had been broken. Charles Kelley of Lady Antebellum tweeted that he was, \"Praying 4 everyone in the country community &amp; everyone at the scene. My heart is sick over the news in Las Vegas. Praying 4 everyone in the country community &amp; everyone at the scene.\u2014 Charles Kelley (@charleskelleyla) October 2, 2017 Kelsea Ballerini thought of \"the fans who came to sing and dance and be free and happy.\" Just sad. And so sorry for the fans who came to sing and dance and be free and happy. thinking of everyone there &amp; my friend @Jason_Aldean.\u2014 Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) October 2, 2017 Those outside of the country community were also in mourning. Celine Dion, who has a residency at Caesars Palace, said that she was \"Praying for all the innocent victims and their families.\" Praying for all the innocent victims and their families in Las Vegas - C\u00e9line xx. #LasVegas\u2014 Celine Dion (@celinedion) October 2, 2017 Mariah Carey offered her thoughts to those affected. \"Praying for everyone's safety,\" she tweeted. Horrified to hear about the shooting in #LasVegas. My thoughts are with the victims and their families. Praying for everyone's safety \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\udc94\u2014 Mariah Carey (@MariahCarey) October 2, 2017 Trey Songz, who tweeted he was in Vegas at the time of this incident, offered his prayers and shared that he and his team were safe. Don't even know what to say. To be in Vegas while this is happening, brings a pain to my heart. My team and I are safe Thank God! Prayers up\u2014 Trey Songz (@TreySongz) October 2, 2017 Ne-Yo, who is from Las Vegas, called the news \"crazy\" and hoped people could \"stay safe.\" Hearing crazy news coming out of my hometown. Las Vegas, please, stay safe.\u2014 NE-YO (@NeYoCompound) October 2, 2017 Kendra Wilkinson, a co-host of a show at Paris Las Vegas, said she was \"absolutely sick to my stomach.\" No words, just absolutely sick to my stomach. Vegas be safe. Prayers to victims. \ud83d\ude14\u2014 Kendra Wilkinson (@KendraWilkinson) October 2, 2017 A befuddled Paris Hilton asked, \"What is our world coming to!\" I can't believe what just happened in Las Vegas! What is our world coming to! \ud83d\ude2d My prayers go out to the victims &amp; their families. \ud83d\ude4f\u2014 Paris Hilton (@ParisHilton) October 2, 2017 Ruby Rose expressed her deepest condolences. \"I'm so sorry for what is happening right now,\" she tweeted. \"It is horrific just to see the videos. I can't imagine what you are feeling.\" Vegas keep safe. I'm so sorry for what is happening right now. It is horrific just to see the videos. I can't imagine what you are feeling.\u2014 Ruby Rose (@RubyRose) October 2, 2017 Sam Smith described the scene as \"horrifying,\" adding his \"heart and soul is with all the victims &amp; their families and friends.\" Horrifying scenes in Las Vegas. My heart and soul is with all the victims &amp; their families and friends. Everybody please stay safe.\u2014 Sam Smith (@samsmithworld) October 2, 2017 With tears in his eyes, DJ Steve Aoki told viewers in a video with a Henderson, Nev. geotag to \"check on each other\" and \"stay indoors.\" Khlo\u00e9 Kardashian exlaimed, \"Things have got to change!\" This is heartbreaking to learn about! Things have got to change! \ud83d\ude4f\ud83c\udffd\u2014 Khlo\u00e9 (@khloekardashian) October 2, 2017 Mandy Moore called the news \"devastating.\" Las Vegas. No words.\ud83d\udc94 Victims and their families are in our thoughts and prayers. This is absolutely horrific and devastating.\u2014 Mandy Moore (@TheMandyMoore) October 2, 2017 Actress Holly Marie Combs took a stand against automatic weapons, writing, \"My only thought is that amount of rounds in automatic rifle should not be available or made or allowed.\" I am at a loss watching Las Vegas. My only thought is that amount of rounds in automatic rifle should not be available or made or allowed.\u2014 Holly Marie Combs (@H_Combs) October 2, 2017 Assault rifles were on Sheryl Crow's mind. \"Can we discuss the loss of rights of people going to a concert because of the lack of assault rifle regulations?\" she tweeted. Can we discuss the loss of rights of people going to a concert because of the lack of assault rifle regulations?\u2014 Sheryl Crow (@SherylCrow) October 2, 2017 Chlo\u00eb Grace Moretz called the Las Vegas police members who responded \"true (heroes).\" A post shared by Chloe Grace Moretz (@chloegmoretz) on", "label": 0, "id": 549}
{"text": "Share She\u2019s young, attractive, articulate, conservative, and black! Candace Owens is surely the worst nightmare of the hard-Left wing of the Democrat party. For decades, those folks have taken the black vote for granted. Now blacks are waking up, and that could spell doom for Democrats \u2014 hence their \u201cinterest\u201d in Latino-Americans, especially illegal immigrants. In the 2-minute video above, hear Candace\u2019s advice and warning for Latinos \u2014 namely, don\u2019t be scammed by Democrats the way that America\u2019s blacks have been. Check out her longer speech too (below) given to the Conservative College Student Action Summit in January, 2018. She explains clearly how Democrats are eyeing illegal immigrants as the most promising new voting livestock for their Big-Government-Dependency Plantation. Owens\u2019 message isn\u2019t new, but her youth and style makes her among the best to reach America\u2019s young people, no matter what identity group the Democrats assign them to. Thomas Sowell is fantastic, but he cannot reach young people the way Owens can. Via WFP", "label": 1, "id": 472}
{"text": "A Grain of Saul is a weekly column that digs into some of the biggest issues we face as a nation and as an international community in search of reliable data, realistic solutions, and \u2014 most importantly \u2014 hope. More and more women are reporting that Harvey Weinstein harassed or sexually assaulted them. After an explosive piece in The New York Times, which cited several women's firsthand accounts of Weinstein's alleged \"sexual harassment and unwanted physical contact,\" it appears the dam has broken. Yesterday, a piece in The New Yorker quoted nearly a dozen on the record firsthand accounts of Weinstein's harassment and sexual assault and included never-before-heard audio recordings from a New York Police Department sting operation in which Weinstein appears to admit to groping model Ambra Battilana Gutierrez. Although Weinstein apologized in a statement for at least some of the behavior referenced in the New York Times article, he denied the sexual assault allegations following the New Yorker piece's release. That piece, a gut-punch for anyone holding out hope the worst wasn't true, was notably written by journalist Ronan Farrow. Farrow is the estranged son of Woody Allen, another Hollywood magnate accused of sexual assault. Those allegations (which Allen denies) were made by his own daughter, Ronan's sister Dylan. With so many accusers against Weinstein now on the record, including household names like Gwyneth Paltrow, Cara Delevingne and Angelina Jolie, all corners of the country are offering their hot takes in the discussion. Perhaps one of the most unfortunate reactions has been to politicize the story, as some conservative pundits have grasped onto Weinstein \u2014 a major Democratic donor Michelle Obama once publicly praised as a \"wonderful human being\" \u2014 as illustrative of rotten liberal America. But this isn't a uniquely Democratic problem. Fox News, a notoriously right-wing news outlet, has had to dismiss a slew of on-air talent because of sexual assault allegations. Our Republican president appeared to admit on tape to sexually assaulting women (and has also been photographed chumming it up with Weinstein). The point being: this isn't a partisan or even a political issue. This is \u2014 largely \u2014 an issue with men, specifically men who yield any kind of power. The allegations leveled against Weinstein, Allen, Bill Cosby, Bill O'Reilly, Roger Ailes, Anthony Weiner and President Trump are not unique to Hollywood or a certain political party. It's not always famous and powerful men, either: it's the Catholic Church, Penn State football, orthodox Jews, professional athletes, universities, and your local retail store. The list goes on. In many of the cases that have made national headlines, though, wealthy men in positions of significant power have leveraged their status to pressure or force women into sexual encounters. Those women are then shamed, threatened with lawsuits and silenced if they speak out. Perhaps most unsettling about these stories is that there is almost always someone who could have stepped up and stopped the harassment or assault. In Farrow's story, he wrote that 16 former and current employees of Weinstein's companies had witnessed or had knowledge of unwanted sexual advances Weinstein made in work-related settings. Sixteen! And that's just the number of current or former employees who happened to speak to Farrow. What about all the ones who didn't? What about the ones who were too scared to speak to a reporter? Weinstein's case, again, isn't unique. In President Trump's infamous Hollywood Access tape, television host Billy Bush laughs offthe notion that Trump could simply \"grab women by the pussy\" because he was a star. His supporters and advisers dismissed it as \"locker room talk.\" Former Fox News anchor Bill O'Reilly and former CEO Roger Ailes were repeatedly reported to human resources at Fox Newsand, reportedly, no action was taken. Football coach Joe Paterno was let go from Penn State because of what he may or may not have known about convicted rapist Jerry Sandusky. An entire film was made about the Catholic Church spending years trying to fend off reporters who wanted to get the truth out about rampant sexual abuse by priests. In many cases, campus rape stories include bystanders who don't intervene when a clearly intoxicated woman is taken home by a less intoxicated man. People \u2014 especially men who are in positions of power \u2014 have the ability to step in and stop these stories from happening. And we cannot forget that there are male survivors of sexual assault, and they are every bit as worth protecting. Terry Crews came out on Twitter to share a story about being assaulted by another man who allegedly grabbed his penis while Crews was standing next to his wife at a Hollywood function. Crews said he decided not to retaliate with allegations against the man because he didn't want to be ostracized, noting that \"the predator has power and influence.\" Instead, he let it go, like many women do, because he couldn't stop asking himself if anyone believe him and if the repercussions for speaking out would be life-changing. If Terry Crews, a wealthy, well-known man is wary of reporting his assault, imagine the obstacles that face many other sexual assault survivors. It's time for men to police our own communities, our own friends and our own family members. It's time for men to stop being passive observers of the kinds of harassment and overt sexism that are all too common in the spaces we dominate. It's time for men to stand up for the victims we see in our day-to-day lives, and to create spaces, environments, communities, teams, companies and homes where everyone feels safe and supported enough to speak truth to power. The issue of sexual assault cannot simply be a \"women's issue.\" It cannot be a political talking point. It cannot be a Democrat or Republican or religious or campus issue. Sexual assault is a men's issue. It is my issue. It is your issue. And it's about time we did something about it.", "label": 0, "id": 26}
{"text": "Few words could be more apposite to the tactics of the Remainers. On Thursday morning, after the High Court ruled that the Government cannot use the Royal Prerogative to trigger Article 50, Gina Miller \u2013 the woman behind the case \u2013 stood outside the Royal Courts of Justice and tried to prove Abraham Lincoln wrong. With a straight face she said that the case had nothing to do with the EU. \u201cThis is about process, not politics.\u201d And she\u2019s not alone. Almost to a man and woman the Remainers have told us that all they have been trying to do is right a wrong. The High Court ruled that the Government cannot use the Royal Prerogative to trigger Article 50 That it\u2019s a simple matter of democracy and parliamentary sovereignty being re-established and the fact they are all Remainers is irrelevant. They really do think you can fool all of the people all of the time. Because in the real world the case was brought by people who had only one motive: to screw up this first stage of Brexit. It had almost nothing to do with process and everything to do with politics. And it\u2019s not going to stop here. There is almost nothing the Remainers won\u2019t do to try to keep us in. If that means showing contempt towards the result of the referendum \u2013 well, they won\u2019t bat an eyelid. The entire history of the EU shows that whenever a referendum goes against them the Eurofanatics ignore it and demand another one. Gina Miller said that the case had nothing to do with the EU Which is of course exactly what some \u2013 such as Owen Smith, the Labour MP who was beaten out of sight by Jeremy Corbyn this summer \u2013 are now saying, arguing that any deal done by the Government should be subject to another referendum. For others there\u2019s no need even to hold a second referendum. They want simply to ignore the referendum and let Parliament put the kybosh on Brexit. Most won\u2019t admit to this because they know that it\u2019s toxic. But some, such as Labour MP David Lammy, are open about their contempt for the electorate. Mr Lammy said that when Parliament decides on Article 50: \u201cI will be voting in what I believe to be the interests of the country \u2013 which I think all MPs will take on board \u2013 and will absolutely not be voting to trigger Article 50.\u201d This is the crux of the matter because the real issue isn\u2019t whether or not Parliament should have a vote. The real issue is how Parliament will vote. Be clear about what many of the Remainer MPs want: to stop Brexit. And remember that a clear majority of MPs backed Remain in June. They speak about parliamentary sovereignty (which, incidentally, can only be reestablished if we leave the EU). But that\u2019s a fig leaf. What they are really concerned with is finding whatever ways they can to stop Brexit. Let me tell you what is coming next. When MPs have to vote on triggering Article 50 they will come up with some entirely spurious but supposedly democratic reason why they have to vote No. Labour MP David Lammy said he 'will absolutely not be voting to trigger Article 50' It\u2019s got nothing to do with not honouring the referendum result, they\u2019ll tell us. How could you even think that! No, it\u2019s because\u2026 blah blah blah. On and on it will go. Every time the issue is discussed they will come up with supposedly plausible reasons to do with democracy and fairness that mean they have no choice, they\u2019ll say, but to vote No. In reality they will have only one motive: stopping Brexit. Their hope and plan is that the longer any decisions are delayed the more chance there is of a change of mood. And they will do their damnedest to create that change of mood. So in parallel they will use their powers to try to ensure we have the worst possible deal so that they can re-argue the referendum debate when the deal is done. We are seeing this already with Hilary Benn, the Remainer chair of the new House of Commons select committee on Brexit, demanding that the Government reveals its negotiation stance \u2013 and so hand a huge advantage to Brussels. But they are playing with fire. The will of the people has been clearly expressed. The referendum was unambiguous. There is no wriggle room. Brexit must mean Brexit. If it doesn\u2019t \u2013 if Remain MPs use their powers to frustrate the will of the people \u2013 then they will provoke one of the greatest constitutional crises since the Civil War. Brexit committee chairman Hilary Benn Thu, March 2, 2017 Gina Miller is leading the challenge that has blocked Theresa May triggering Article 50 without the consent of Parliament Gina Miller has won the case to block Theresa May from Article 50 Parliament will be defying the people over the result of a referendum that Parliament itself called. But the constitutional crisis may be the least of it. It is a truism of modern politics that voters are disengaged \u2013 that their faith in the political class and political institutions is collapsing. In the US that is reflected in Donald Trump\u2019s ascendancy. In France, Marine Le Pen owes her rise to a similar trend. We have a proud tradition that has always pushed extremists and rabble-rousers to the edges. If, however, our politicians were to show that they do not merely fail to connect with voters but are actively contemptuous of them, it is difficult to see how we could avoid disaster. To say there would be anger would barely come close. Not only would our political system be on the point of collapse there would be riots. And it would be a political crisis entirely of the Remainers\u2019 making. These are worrying times. It is not just Brexit that is imperilled by their behaviour. It is our entire political system.", "label": 1, "id": 427}
{"text": "Members of the Dallas Cowboys organization have been reluctant to protest the national anthem, with head coach Jason Garrett calling the anthem \u201csacred\u201d and Dez Bryant saying he wouldn\u2019t protest. Their attitudes mirror what\u2019s coming from the top. Cowboys owner Jerry Jones has made it clear that he opposes national anthem protests. In an interview with FOX Business, Jones said he did \u201cnot think the place\u201d to express opinions is by protesting the flag. \"I do not think the place to express yourself in society is as we recognize the American flag.\" \u2013 Jerry Jones on National Anthem protests pic.twitter.com/3JkrdMhwWy \u2014 FOX Business (@FoxBusiness) September 24, 2017 Jones\u2019 thoughts echo that of many Americans, though as the demonstrations attest, there are many who disagree. Based on his public comments, it would be a surprise to see a display from any Cowboys on Monday night.", "label": 0, "id": 227}
{"text": "Former Dems Now Backing Trump: 'Our Country's Going in the Wrong Direction' If you've ever seen \"Watters' World,\" you know that some American adults are pretty clueless. But what about the youth of the nation? Jesse Watters hit the streets of New York City to see what kids think about Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and the major issues facing the country. What have you heard about Hillary Clinton? \"She hasn't been that great either. [She's] been sneaking herself around.\" What do you think about Donald Trump? \"He's very confident when he speaks. He's blunt, and I think that's very different than anything we've ever had.\" \"Equal rights, feminism, that's very important nowadays.\" \"Are you just saying that to get girls?\" Watch the \"Watters' World\" clip above, and let us know what you think in the comments. Clinton Aide in New WikiLeaks Email: 'We Need to Clean This Up. He Has Emails from Her'", "label": 0, "id": 213}
{"text": "In the space of a day, R. Kelly\u2018s name has catapulted back into the headlines after a shocking expos\u00e9 alleged that he is leading a secret \u201csex cult\u201d and is holding women against their will. Since the story hit the wire, the singer has, via his publicist, denied the claims and alluded to taking legal action. However, it\u2019s quickly becoming clear that the drama isn\u2019t going anywhere. The family of alleged hostage Jocelyn Savage held a press conference claiming that Kelly has brainwashed the 21 year old. So much so that she effectively has Stockholm Syndrome: In a twist, Jocelyn sat down with TMZ to refute the claims of her family, insisting that she has been receiving their messages but has willingly cut off communication with them. She wouldn\u2019t, however, reveal what her current living arrangement is nor which city she resides in: Sigh. Keep it locked on That Grape Juice for the latest. Your thoughts?", "label": 0, "id": 470}
{"text": "For the third debate in a row, Donald Trump expressed doubt that Russia was behind recent hacks of Democratic groups, putting him at odds not just with Hillary Clinton, but with the entire U.S. intelligence community. \u201cShe has no idea whether it\u2019s Russia, China, or anybody else,\u201d Trump said at the final presidential debate held in Las Vegas Wednesday night. \u201cHillary, you have no idea.\u201d \u201cDo you doubt 17 military and civilian agencies,\u201d Clinton fired back. \u201cAnd our country has no idea,\u201d Trump said. \u201cYeah, I doubt it, I doubt it.\u201d In this case, Clinton had it right. Two weeks ago, the U.S. intelligence community announced it is \u201cconfident that the Russian government directed the recent compromises of e-mails.\u201d The candidates also challenged on a number of other issues throughout the debate. On the issue of immigration, Trump said Clinton agreed with his signature proposal. \u201cHillary Clinton wanted the wall. Hillary Clinton fought for the wall in 2006,\u201d Trump said. \u201cI voted for border security, and there are.\u201d Clinton began speaking, before Trump interrupted, \u201cAnd the wall.\u201d We rate Trump\u2019s claim as partially true. As a senator, Clinton did vote for a bill to build 700 miles of fencing along parts of the 2,0-mile Southern border, but not a massive wall as Trump has proposed. Trump accused Clinton Wednesday night of hiring people to disrupt his allies. \u201cShe\u2019s the one, and Obama, that caused the violence,\u201d Trump said. The truth on that score is unclear. Democratic contractors were caught on video, appearing to plan to provoke Trump supporters. But there\u2019s no indication Clinton\u2019s campaign paid for it or even knew about it. As in previous debates, Trump denied making some controversial comments that are immortalized on video. \u201cHe said that he could not possibly have done those things to those women because they were not attractive enough for them to be assaulted,\u201d Clinton said. \u201cI did not say that. I did not say that,\u201d Trump said. But in Greensboro, North Carolina, Trump told a crowd, \u201cBelieve me. She would not be my first choice. That I can tell you.\u201d \u201cHe also went after a disabled reporter, mocked and mimicked him on national television,\u201d Clinton said. \u201cWrong,\u201d Trump denied. But he did that too, at a campaign rally at Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. \u201cI don\u2019t remember!\u2019 He\u2019s going like, \u2018I don\u2019t remember!\u2019\u201d Trump said, imitating his physical handicap. On the budget, Clinton claimed that her proposals on infrastructure and education would not add a penny to the debt because she has ways to pay for all of them. Independent analysts said that\u2019s false -- her plan add $200 billion to the debt over the next decade. Trump\u2019s plans, they said, would add $5.3 trillion.", "label": 0, "id": 346}
{"text": "BERKELEY, Calif. (KCRA) \u2014 Several fights broke out during largely-peaceful protests in Berkeley Sunday afternoon when about 4,0 people converged on the city, police said. Thirteen people who ranged in ages from 20 to 47 years old, were arrested for \"various violations\u201d including assault with a deadly weapon and felony assault during the events, Berkeley police said. Of the people arrested during the protests, several were wearing masks while others were connected to assaults. Two men were arrested after exchanging blows. The SFGate reported they were quickly swept up by officers inside Civic Center Park. Police detained Patriot Prayer leader Joey Gibson at the protests. The SFGate reported he was handcuffed after being chased by a mob of demonstrators who took swings at him and pepper sprayed him. Police said Gibson was actually \"rescued\" and was not arrested or charged. The crowd began to diminish around 3:30 p.m., six hours after a march led to the protests. The event was one of several rallies that had been called for Sunday in Berkeley, a day after a controversial freedom rally planned by Gibson in San Francisco fizzled amid throngs of counterprotesters. Hundreds of people gathered on the UC Berkeley campus around 10 a.m. Sunday. They then marched to Civic Center Park, where police had set up barricades and secured the area with bomb sniffing dogs. The march was part of the Bay Area Rally Against Hate Rally. In a statement early Sunday, the group said \"we fully intend to move forward with (the Rally Against Hate)\" on the campus despite calls by the university police department for people to stay away for safety reasons. The rally was held in response to the planned right-wing protest \"No To Marxism in America.\" However, organizer Amber Cummings canceled the protest on Friday, saying Berkeley officials and left-wing extremists made it impossible to hold the event and she would be the sole attendee. Despite the cancellation, hundreds of ring-wing protesters showed up to the park. Around 1 p.m., police reported the crowd had grown to several thousand. A skirmish broke out between several dozen left-wing demonstrators and a handful of right-wing supporters. The skirmish was tense but ended quickly. The left-wing protesters surrounded the small number of right-wing supporters, then shouted at them and pushed them. The right-wing protesters sought protection from police and were escorted away. Before the unpermitted events, Berkeley police put into place several rules in response the protests, stating, \"To ensure the peaceful expression of free speech, the City of Berkeley will be prohibiting sticks, pipes, poles and anything else that can be used for a 'riot' at Civic Center Park.\" Other banned items include explosives, pepper spray, axes, dogs (except for service animals), eggs, torches and more. Police also said anything that \"covers or partially covers the face and shields the wearer's face from view, or partially from view, is prohibited.\" However, protesters with an anarchist group arrived at the park wearing masks and hoods that covered their faces. The group of more than 100 hooded protesters, with shields emblazoned with the words \"no hate\" and waving a flag identifying themselves as anarchist, broke through police lines, avoiding security checks by officers to take away possible weapons. Then the group blended in with the rest of the crowd. The group pushed their way past police barricades and into Civic Center Park. They assaulted at least five people by punching and kicking them. Gibson was one of the people assaulted by the group. Police broke up the fights, using what appeared to be a smoke grenade to stop one scuffle. The three people who were attacked ran behind police lines to escape. Then around 2:30 p.m., more than 1,0 people left the park and began marching north Martin Luther King Way. An hour later, the crowd had diminished and many roads reopened. ---- The Associated Press contributed to this story.", "label": 0, "id": 383}
{"text": "The left continues to harp on unproven allegations that Donald Trump inappropriately touched women and said dirty words 11 years ago many are wondering where the outrage is about Joe Biden. For years the vice president\u2019s inappropriate touching of women, and the invading of their personal space, has been a punchline seen as harmless. But now that the barrage of claims against Trump has reached its zenith social media has begun asking where the mainstream news sources are on \u201ccreepy Uncle Joe\u2019s\u201d unwanted encroachments. #WomenWhoVoteTrump wonder why Joe Biden gets a pass on \u201cinapropriate touching.\u201d Yikes!\u2935If this was Trump, imagine the MSM headlines . #MAGA pic.twitter. 64X3tXH \u2014 Trump the Hill (@TrumpTheHill) October 15, 2016 @CNN @andersoncooper @Maddow @MSNBC Where\u2019s the Wall 2 Wall segment on Creepy Uncle Joe Molesting Young ? #HYPOCRITES #NVDebate pic.twitter. 0g \u2014 Truth Is Power (@truthispower7) October 15, 2016 #OnHillarysTeleprompter would someone tell Joe Biden that touching women and making them uncomfortable makes you unfit for office \u2014 Robert Wilson (@rwlawoffice) October 15, 2016 Katie Pavlich \u2013 It\u2019s Time For a National Conversation About Joe Biden\u2019s Inappropriate Touching 5XU \u2014 Diamond Barbarian (@NoMoreElitists) October 14, 2016 No prof of Trump touching women. Watch Joe Biden Rub, Touch And Kiss His Way To Beck-Like Creepiness \u2013 YouTube 4ssgF \u2014 R. Wolfe (@WhoWolfe) October 14, 2016 Joe Biden can\u2019t Keep his Hands off Women, a known fact! Always touching them! HYPOCRIT! pic.twitter. 1QFG7Hk \u2014 TRUMP/ PENCE 2017! (@audreyringrose) October 13, 2016 BIDEN IS A CLASS-A PERV. TALK ABOUT GROPING, HE\u2019S ALWAYS TOUCHING WOMEN. IT\u2019S RIGHT IN OUR FACES! 2mzrlb \u2014 DeplorableWhatWhat7 (@OpinionOnion7) October 13, 2016 . @frankthorp Sure let\u2019s have that conversation 1deHu544 \u2014 Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) October 9, 2016", "label": 1, "id": 585}
{"text": "On the left, and among Donald Trump's conservative critics, a new debate has emerged: is the media to blame for the businessman's rise, or are Republican primary voters simply \"idiots,\" as New York Magazine's Jon Chait argued recently, and unable to recognize a con-artist when they see one? This is a false choice. There are plenty of factors that went into Trump becoming the presumptive GOP nominee, and the incessant media coverage of his every utterance and movement probably contributed to his sky-high negatives. But it's unserious, not to mention smug, to assume that Trump has been playing all of his Republican supporters for dupes. You don't need to worship Trump to vote for him. You don't even have to like him, or think he's always honest, because these are not the factors at the heart of Trump's appeal. Consider this from Michael Cooper, a writer, attorney, and liberal Democrat who lives in rural North Carolina. \"My Republican friends are for Trump. My state representative is for Trump,\" he wrote in U.S. News in March. \"People who haven't voted in years are for Trump. He'll win the primary here on March 15 and he will carry this county in the general. His supporters realize he's a joke. They do not care. They know he's authoritarian, nationalist, almost un-American, and they love him anyway, because he disrupts a broken political process and beats establishment candidates who've long ignored their interests.\" This, I think, nicely sums up the core of Trump's support. Yes, there is a cult of personality around the candidate, and some of his backers do seem to think of him as a man who can do no wrong. But the breadth of Trump's support alone indicates that we're dealing with more than just full-fledged #TrumpTrain devotees. We're also dealing with the people Cooper writes about, the ones who aren't so enthralled with the man himself but recognize him as a change agent. And the truth is that a President Trump would, of course, be a change agent. A Hillary win would likely take us to something like the pre-Trump status quo ante, which is one reason why so many D.C. and Wall Street Republicans will wind up supporting her -- they'll still know how to play the game in a second Clinton presidency. The notable Republicans who aren't supporting Donald Trump A Trump victory, meanwhile, will undoubtedly lead to profound upheaval in our political system. The policies he'll pursue in office are still something of a mystery, but due to his lack of a real, grounding political philosophy, we can assume that he'll embrace positions to both the right- and left-of-center. In effect this would be something like a third party in American politics, and one in control of the White House no less -- a Party of Trump, which will find itself at odds with both stalwart conservatives like Ben Sasse and progressives like Elizabeth Warren. Occasionally he'll find common cause with one side, and sometimes with the other. You could even see him putting together odd bedfellows like Sherrod Brown and Jeff Sessions to pass new restrictions on trade. Any way you look at it, he would scramble everything we know about American politics. You can argue that the changes that Trump would bring to this country would be disastrous, or that he's morally and intellectually unfit for the office. But the one safe bet we have about a Trump presidency is that it would provoke a realignment in our politics and bring about an end to the elite governing consensus of the last several decades. America's many establishments -- Republican and Democrat, liberal and conservative - would all suddenly find themselves on the outs. The Democrats have signaled that they'll run on the idea that a Trump presidency is just too \"risky\" and \"dangerous.\" But that shows a real misunderstanding of his appeal as a candidate. The subtext of every Trump rally is basically take this risk, take this gamble -- it may all end in tears, but it's worth a shot. America isn't working anymore, his argument goes. It's not working for Americans, Americans know that, and all those smug elites are to blame. How do we fix that? Hard to say: Trump, remember, has a habit of contradicting himself within the same sentence when answering questions about his policy specifics. But step one is blowing up the system, and that's exactly what Trump is promising to do. Is it childish to want the political system to be completely upended even if the consequences might be disastrous? Maybe. But in a country where a plurality of Americans think that \"people like them\" were better off 50 years ago, at least according to a recent Pew survey, it should also be expected. We can dismiss Trump's voters as low-class, knuckle-dragging racists who deserve, in some sense, to suffer. But that wouldn't be wise from a governing standpoint or, for Trump's opponents, a tactical one. If you think that Trump's voters don't get what's best for them, then it's up to you to sell them on why they're wrong -- to make the case that free trade leads to cheaper, better goods for everyone, that immigration greatly benefits the economy, that a \"Muslim ban\" is immoral and would only help groups like ISIS. That the system, for all its faults, can still be reformed, and that allowing Trump to raise hell in Washington will only make his supporters' lot worse. But to just dismiss them as \"idiots\" is, well, stupid. It plays into his hands; it justifies the anti-elite impulse he's exploited. The consensus among all the poll-watchers and data-heads who have consistently underestimated Trump from the onset is that Hillary is all but certain to win in November. And they might be right. But if Trump pulls off the upset, the smugness and lack of empathy that defines too many of his detractors will be in large part to blame.", "label": 1, "id": 352}
{"text": "Are you sick of Republicans? Or just right-wingers in general? Do you want to send a message to Washington that you aren't going to buy into their racist, sexist, xenophobic, homophobic and classist nonsense for one second longer? Then do the very thing that Donald Trump unintentionally encouraged in a recent tweet: Encourage Hillary Clinton to run for president in 2020! Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time. She just can\u2019t stop, which is so good for the Republican Party. Hillary, get on with your life and give it another try in three years! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2017 I'm sure this is the part where the Clinton-haters \u2014 be they Trumpers, Bernie Bros or anything in between \u2014 will say something to the effect of, \"Of course he wants her to run again. That's the only way he'll get re-elected!\" Slow your roll there. Clinton's poll numbers aren't too good right now (OK, they're downright atrocious), but there are still four great reasons to consider choosing her as the Democratic nominee in 2020. Even better, all but one of them has to do with an emotion that has no place in this season (which is why I absolutely had to write this article for Thanksgiving weekend): Spite. Delicious, nutritious spite. 1. Hillary Clinton is the Winston Churchill to Vladimir Putin's Adolf Hitler. I agree with the basic principle of Godwin's Law: The first person to invoke Hitler in a political debate should normally lose. The exception, of course, has to be when someone has genuine Hitler-like qualities. A foreign despot who has invaded neighboring countries and has a right-wing nationalist agenda is about as Nazi-like as you can get. This is where Clinton offers a quality that no politician in America can beat. While Republicans are trying to tar her with a bogus scandal connecting her to Russia (and anyone who believes Clinton did something wrong in the Uranium One deal lacks credibility on all matters political), the reality is that no candidate can be better described as Russia's nemesis than Clinton. Putin has always hated Clinton because of his innate sexism, which has manifested in his policies, and she certainly didn't endear herself to him by publicly criticizing Russian corruption in 2011. As the ample connections between the Trump campaign and Russia or its water-carriers like WikiLeaks clearly demonstrate, the one person we know we can trust more than anyone is the candidate who Putin very obviously did not want to see as America's president. 2. Hillary Clinton being elected president (at last) would monumentally piss off misogynistic trolls, and what's not to like about that? I can't think of a single political figure in recent American history who has been hated as deeply, or for as long, as Hillary Clinton. From the moment she emerged on the national stage in 1992 as a distinctly feminist prospective first lady, she has been the target of right-wing wrath woefully out of proportion to anything she has ever said or done. The reason for this is sexism. It's not the chic thing to say right now, but no other explanation really makes sense. Yes, Hillary Clinton is more centrist than either party likes these days, but why is she singled out for opprobrium here when her husband \u2014 who actually served as president \u2014 remains popular despite holding the exact same views? The same point can be made about the claim that she is corrupt or too establishment. To the extent that these accusations are valid, they are no more true of Clinton than of the vast majority of politicians from both parties (especially Trump). At the very least, the next Democratic presidential candidate needs to be a woman \u2014 perhaps not Clinton specifically, but certainly a woman, to offset the symbolic gut-punch of the first female candidate getting cheated by an overt misogynist. And speaking of cheating . 3. By winning the popular vote convincingly in 2016, Hillary Clinton has earned the right to be considered the presumptive nominee in 2020. As I wrote in September, Clinton is the first defeated presidential candidate to win the popular vote without being automatically considered a frontrunner in the next election. Two of the previous four popular vote-winning also-rans were actually elected in the subsequent cycle (Andrew Jackson in 1828 and Grover Cleveland in 1892), while two others were widely regarded as frontrunners before dropping out for personal reasons (Samuel Tilden and Al Gore). Let us not forget that, for all of the smack talk about how poorly Clinton ran her campaign, she bested Trump by nearly 3 million votes. This was no razor-thin margin of victory, but a decisive expression of the American public's preference. In terms of percentage points, her margin of victory was roughly comparable to that by which Jimmy Carter beat Gerald Ford in 1976 or George W. Bush beat John Kerry in 2004. She also held Trump to a lower percentage of the popular vote than that garnered by Mitt Romney in 2012. 4. We can expect her to be a good president. Frankly, the worst thing that can be said about a potential 2020 Clinton candidacy, especially in America's current cultural and political climate, is that her husband still hasn't answered for the numerous sexual abuse accusations against him. While it may seem unfair for Hillary to be held accountable for Bill's alleged predations, it can plausibly be argued that she played a role in helping him cover them up. If that is ever proved beyond a reasonable doubt, she should be given the heave-ho. Then again, Bill Clinton is also widely associated with the economic, social and foreign policy conditions of the beloved 1990s, and is greatly missed for that reason. And since few dispute that Hillary was her husband's co-president during that halcyon decade, that association can still remain a giant advantage. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, Clinton demonstrated through the 2016 Democratic National Committee platform that she would work with progressives on pursuing a policy agenda very close to their own goals. On issues ranging from raising the minimum wage and fighting global warming to scaling back the war on drugs, she would stand exactly where the majority of grassroots activists in the party want her to be. Plus \u2014 while this has been noted countless times before, it deserves repetition \u2014 she has ample experience as a U.S. senator and secretary of state in actually getting things done. That ability to get things done, by the way, is why Clinton had high approval ratings as secretary of state (usually in the 60s), even proving more popular than President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden in 2011 and 2012. Her stock may be low now, but it's been low in the past (such as when she \"ran\" to be first lady in 1992), and it has always recovered. Arguably the big political question facing a potential Hillary 2020 campaign will be whether that bounce occurs at a fortuitous moment for her. It very well could, and wouldn't that be a giant helping of the dish best served cold? Did You Know? For 20 days, Hillary Clinton was both senator and first lady; she was sworn in as a senator on Jan. 1, 2001, and Bill's last day in the White House was Jan. 20th. Did You Know? Hillary Clinton is the first First Lady in American history to be elected into national office, serving as both a Senator and as Secretary of State under Obama.", "label": 1, "id": 22}
{"text": "The rise of right wing nationalism comes with a massive side dose of bad faith arguments. So argues Sasha Polakow-Suransky, the author of \u201c Go Back to Where You Came From: The Backlash Against Immigration and the Fate of Western Democracy,\" which examines the explosion of far-right anti-immigration politics in both Europe and the United States. People like Donald Trump and Marine Le Pen are reactionaries, Polakow-Suransky told me on \"Salon Talks,\" but they like to hide behind liberal values like equality and secularism when launching attacks on Muslim immigrants. \u201cWhat these parties are doing, especially in France and Holland, is they\u2019re telling gays, they\u2019re telling feminists, and they\u2019re telling Jews even, \u2018We are the only ones who will protect you,\u201d he said. \u201cThe threat all of you face is from Islam and Muslims and we\u2019re the only party that can stand up to that.\u2019\u201d These politicians want voters to believe they\u2019re not neo-Nazis and skinheads, he continued, but in reality, they\u2019re \u201cweaponizing secularism to target a specific group.\u201d Polakow-Suransky, who is an Open Society Foundations fellow and has held previous positions as an op-ed editor at the New York Times and as a senior editor at Foreign Affairs, says he sees similarity in how \u201cour president reacts to a horrible terrorist attack,\u201d such as the murders in New York City on Halloween, and other crimes. \u201cYou see a real gulf between the reactions to any crime perpetrated by an Islamic extremist and crimes committed by white nationalists or other groups,\u201d Polakow-Suransky said. \u201cI think that shows they\u2019re targeting a specific group rather than talking about universal values that we all share.\u201d Watch our full \"Salon Talks\" conversation on Facebook. Tune into Salon's live shows, \"Salon Talks\" and \"Salon Stage,\" daily at noon ET / 9 a.m. PT and 4 p.m. ET / 1 p.m. PT, streaming live on Salon and on Facebook.", "label": 1, "id": 20}
{"text": "Jeff Images Sleazy? Well, duh. Donald\u2019s been a lout for three decades, but a sycophantic news business willingly built him up until, with some help from the former 'Access Hollywood' host (and Hillary's scary poll numbers), it decided to bring him down. Donald Trump has been hiding in plain sight. Or not hiding. Seldom, if ever, has an American politician so aggressively acted out and imposed his unfiltered personality on the public, consequences be damned. And yet, the final weeks of the presidential campaign now are wholly centered on the media's shocking revelations about who he really is. \"Well, where have you been?\" is one glaring question for the media. The other is about how complicit the media has been in covering for him until now. Trump is a thrice-married beauty pageant owner, a compulsive attention seeker and a sexual braggart. The possibility of him not engaging in lewd, loutish, outre and, for a presidential candidate, scandalous behavior is nil. Was no one in the media looking? Did nobody care about the details? Or was it just not possible to believe what was as clear as the noses on our faces? A journalist's job can't be so easy as that. Or, perhaps, it was just a case of not wanting to belabor the obvious: It would hardly seem to advance the discussion to insist that Trump is an oaf, brute, philistine and cad, which is, of course, exactly the shocked \u2014 shocked! \u2014 point that now repeatedly is being made in the campaign's final days. Or, as the candidate uniquely created and promoted by the media, has he been gamely protected and tolerated through stages of amusement, gratefulness (\"It may not be good for America, but it's damn good for CBS,\" said CBS Corp. chief Leslie Moonves earlier in the cycle, no doubt now regretfully), incredulity and alarm, until we reached the horror stage in September with a sudden leveling of the polls, prompting the media to act in righteous concert? The unavoidable awkwardness, of course, is that so many of the details about Trump's particular sort of sleaziness, so many smoking guns, actually have been in the hands of the media all along. The more or less fatal bullet came from the NBC-owned infotainment show Access Hollywood. Billy Bush, who would become a Today show regular this summer \u2014 that is, an employee of the NBC News division of NBCUniversal \u2014 was the other party to the tape. He knew! Reports indicate that inside NBC he was talking openly about what he knew since this past August. Still, perhaps this wasn't seen so much as news but as Trump being Trump, as hilarity. Really, does the video reveal anything about Trump that was not previously known? Bush, now losing his Today role, becomes something of a tragic figure in this. In the business of stroking celebrities, he now is reviled for stroking one. Likewise, NBC, ever on the job of the care and maintenance of NBC stars, was no doubt instinctively reluctant to shoot one \u2014 one, as it happens, running for president. Billy Bush Part of the rationale about the video's news value, and for why the media should be so righteous about stomping on Trump now, is the seeming singularity of the vulgarity in Trump's own voice. (For those without television or internet, he told Bush, among other things, he \"moved\" on Bush's Access Hollywood co-anchor Nancy O'Dell \"like a bitch\" and noted \"when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. \u2026 Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.\") To have imagined it, to have intellectually appreciated what it must be, is nothing like actually hearing it. And yet, it turns out his real voice, offering a detailed and nuanced account of his sexual views and habits, was not at all unique. What he said theoretically in private to Bush he has said publicly over and over again with many variations \u2014 including agreeing with the description of himself as a sexual predator \u2014 to Howard Stern, for 30 years a leading champion of sexual harassment practices. Trump himself \u2014 recalling Gary Hart's fatal invitation to reporters to follow him if they didn't believe his claims of virtue \u2014 assured Anderson Cooper during the second debate that, in fact, he really didn't do the things he said he did. Voila! Among the accounts to swiftly contradict him was one from a former People reporter, Natasha Stoynoff, assigned to cover Trump and Melania at Mar-a-Lago in 2005 on the occasion of their first wedding anniversary. During the interview, in Stoynoff's telling, Trump sexually assaults her with a sudden kiss and grope. It is pretty much only Trump himself who now points out that the article she wrote based on this interview is a celebratory one. Nobody else, least of all anyone in the media, is saying People published a fraudulent story. It lied: People had firsthand proof the marriage was something other than what it said it was but drooled sycophantically over the couple anyway. The influence of People contributed to creating the celebrity stature of Trump. Now, with no more information than it had then, it wants to take that stature back. Who's responsible for what? Who's less trustworthy here? From left: Trump with actress Arianne Zucker and Bush, who was fired Oct. 17 by NBC. Another aspect of the media rationale for why now and not before involves the recently enshrined journalistic principle that the testimony of one victim brings out supporting testimony of others \u2014 and now there's a growing list of Trump grope victims \u2014 quite putting aside the fact that when witnesses have the opportunity to compare accounts, that necessarily lessens reliability. While it is wholly believable that Trump systematically mashed a lot of women, it also is as reasonable that the rudeness and grossness he has made no secret of, only now, in the tailoring of a chorus of accounts (lawyers shaping the language of decade-old memories) inflates to a media consensus of sociopathic if not criminal behavior. Indeed, The New York Times, when it previously pursued the issue of Trump's behavior toward women for an article in May, relying on independent accounts, came up with an entirely different tenor of story \u2014 \"a complex, at times contradictory portrait of a wealthy, well-known and provocative man and the women around him, one that defies simple categorization.\" Trump, not surprisingly, now that he has been simply categorized as a sex abuser, makes matters worse for himself. By attacking the media \u2014 with toothless threats of lawsuits \u2014 he fortifies its unity and its certainty. But you can see why he's hurt and confused. For so long the media encouraged him to be Donald Trump. Thirty years of enabling him and encouraging him. And through more than 18 months of campaigning for president, it really seemed like he was going to get away with being who he was. But let no one forget: The media, if it makes you \u2014 in this instance with great civic resolve \u2014 can break you, too. This story first appeared in the Nov. 4 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.", "label": 1, "id": 390}
{"text": "After Colin Kaepernick rightly chose to kneel during the national anthem before NFL games, many racists and idiots came out with critical response to what was a peaceful, important statement against police brutality and systemic American racism. That\u2019s what Kap\u2019s protest is about. Brutality and racism. Violence against people of color, unimpugned state violence at that. Kap\u2019s protest is strictly against racism, which is what this country was built on. On the backs of African slaves shipped here catch-style to do white people\u2019s work. Kap\u2019s protest is decidedly not against the American flag. Anyone \u2014 including our moron President \u2014 that tries to argue otherwise is themselves a moron. \u201cBut the troops!\u201d you might scream. The troops are a manifold and variegated thing. Here\u2019s a former Marine sayingthat Kap\u2019s protest is nececcesary. Chaps is good. Many of them fight for Kaepernick\u2019s right to stand down during the national anthem. You want to shit on those troops too? Here\u2019s a picture of Laremy Tunsil, a wonderful and beautiful left tackle, kneeling out of solidarity with fellow Americans before Sunday\u2019s game against the New York Jets, which the Dolphins lost, 20-6. That doesn\u2019t matter at all, though. He kneels at left. Hat off to Tunsil for this action. \u201cRespecting the flag\u201d and \u201crespecting the anthem\u201d before football games are perhaps the dumbest notions floated among sports fans. Sporting events are not flag-worthy at all. Nobody else in the world does this. Further, THESE ATHLETES ARE HUMAN PEOPLE. Laremy Tunsil is a real person with real political beliefs, and his political beliefs include \u201cblack people shouldn\u2019t be killed by the police with impunity.\u201d That\u2019s a pertinent thing to assert. Tunsil\u2019s politicism is important.", "label": 1, "id": 3}
{"text": "Trump is so far off the reservation that he is claiming that Republican Special Counsel Robert Mueller is a Democrat who worked for Obama for eight years. Neither of these statements is true. Video: Trump said, \u201cBut you have a group of investigators that are all Democrats. In some cases, they went to the Hillary Clinton celebration that turned out to be a funeral. So you have all these investigators that are Democrats. In all fairness, Bob Mueller worked for Obama for eight years.\u201d The Special Counsel is not a Democrat. He is a Republican. Robert Mueller did not work for Obama for eight years. He was replaced as FBI Director by James Comey in 2013. In 2011, Obama asked Mueller to say on beyond his initial ten-year term, and the Senate approved his request. Trump is in complete meltdown mode, and he is inventing reasons out of thin air for why he can\u2019t sit down for an interview with the Special Counsel. The investigation is not a biased witch hunt against him. The Russia investigation is being run by members of Trump\u2019s own party. Facts matter. The fact is that Trump is lying and running away from doing an interview with Mueller. For more discussion about this story join our Rachel Maddow and MSNBC group.", "label": 0, "id": 97}
{"text": "The level of doublethink involved in being a contemporary member of the GOP is astounding. Former Presidential candidate and current Donald Trump sycophant Mike Huckabee can barely even remember basic facts, like whether or not Trump has ever admitted to committing sexual assault. The things Republicans have to tell themselves and the public in order to continue pushing their agenda take some serious mental gymnastics. We have Presidential counselor Kellyanne Conway coining the term \u201calternative facts.\u201d Former Press Secretary Sean Spicer became a laughing stock for his outrageous defenses of President Donald Trump\u2019s statements and behavior. And the person who took Spicer\u2019s Job, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, has continued that trend. For example, she suggested that ESPN analyst Jemele Hill be fired for bullying President Trump on Twitter, despite the fact that the President regularly uses his own Twitter account to shout down opponents and turn his followers against others. However, Sarah\u2019s father Mike Huckabee may take the cake with his comments on Fox &amp; Friends this morning. Conservatives have loved speaking about disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein and his donations to Democratic causes and candidates, and Trump\u2019s favorite morning team and Huckabee decided to tie it back to Hillary Clinton yet again. Host Abby Huntsman started things off by addressing Huckabee: \u201cThere was also an uncomfortable moment when she talked about President Trump, how he admitted to being sexual assaulter. She was asked about the Weinstein situation and she mentioned how her husband \u2013 Bill Clinton \u2013 what he did was in the past. Anyone watching that, I think, was a little squirmy in their seat. She even looks squirmy, talking about it. Has President Trump ever admitted to being a sexual assaulter?\u201d Anyone with a halfway functioning brain would of course recall the infamous Access Hollywood tape where Trump bragged about grabbing women \u201cby the pussy\u201d because he was famous. Huckabee, apparently, lacks that halfway functioning brain, responding: \u201cI don\u2019t recall that that has ever happened.\u201d He then proceeds to turn the discussion back to Bill Clinton, who, if you recall, was President twenty years ago. Fairly selective memory there, Mike. So keep playing in your big boy trucks, Donald, and know that your sycophants are doing everything in their power to rewrite history. Watch the ridiculous exchange below: Featured image via Flickr user Gage Skidmore / CC BY-SA 2.0.", "label": 1, "id": 439}
{"text": "Amanda Marshall was Oregon\u2019s federal district attorney. Then the scandals started catching up to her. Let\u2019s recap her sordid history. Appointed by Obama in 2011, Marshall resigned in 2015 after allegedly stalking a subordinate and having an affair, and later faced internal probes (no pun intended). Marshall is the DA who pursued charges, even to the point of double jeopardy, against Dwight and Steven Hammond, the eastern Oregon ranchers who preemptively set controlled burns to stop wildfires from encroaching on their property. After already serving time in federal prison, Marshall encouraged the judge to re-imprison them for a harsher sentence. Those actions are what prompted the Malheur Wildlife Refuge protests in early 2016. In 2014, Marshall was caught on camera conspiring with Gabby Gifford\u2019s gun control group, Americans For Responsible Solutions, to scheme up new gun control laws and propaganda. She spoke of wanting to force county Sheriffs to enforce federal gun laws, while also being one of the voices saying that local law enforcement shouldn\u2019t enforce federal immigration laws. Of course the anti gun folks were more than happy to feature Amanda Marshall as a guest speaker at a summit presented by Ceasefire Oregon and \u201cOregon Alliance To Prevent Gun Violence\u201d. Now she faces ethics complaints with the Oregon State Bar. The Oregonian reports: The panel determined there was probable cause to bring ethics charges against Marshall for violating rules dealing with honesty and trustworthiness. The case now advances to the trial phase. A panel will convene, likely sometime in the spring, to determine if Marshall has engaged in misconduct. Punishment for ethics violations range from a public reprimand to a suspension or disbarment. The disciplinary board identified two rules Marshall may have violated, one involving criminal conduct that reflects poorly on a lawyer\u2019s honesty and trustworthiness or fitness and the other dealing with conduct involving fraud and dishonesty. Marshall\u2019s lawyer, Allison Martin Rhodes, said Monday that Marshall \u201chas always acknowledged\u201d that she \u201cwas not completely truthful\u201d when asked by a superior about the relationship. Martin Rhodes has said Marshall lied when asked if she had sex with her subordinate but was subsequently forthcoming in a four-hour interview with authorities. The professional standards agency opened an investigation last year after the U.S. Department of Justice\u2019s inspector general found Marshall had engaged in a yearlong \u201cintimate and personal\u201d relationship with a subordinate. The inspector general said Marshall, who now practices law in McMinnville, violated sexual harassment laws, lied to investigators and tried to block the investigation. The Inspector General\u2019s Office in March 2015 opened an investigation of Marshall. She took a leave of absence that month, citing health reasons that included post-traumatic stress disorder. She officially resigned on May 15, 2015, amid the internal review. It\u2019s just fitting that someone with ties to the Obama administration and anti-gun organizations is caught up in a series of scandals and lies. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 637}
{"text": "Usher ILOSM family the situation between Usher and his STD accuser, Quantasia Sharpton, has just gotten even more real. For Ms. Sharpton, it\u2019s bad, but for Usher, it\u2019s great. As we previously informed you all, Quantasia claimed that she\u2019d met Usher at his concert and then had a one night stand with him later that night, without him telling her that he allegedly has herpes\u2026 Fans Called Accuser\u2019s Bluff It was her details ( and the prior lies she was accused of telling about other celebs) that caused many Usher fans to call her bluff though. Sharpton claimed that after Usher\u2019s concert, she went back to her Days Inn hotel room and Usher called her, then went to Days Inn to sex her up like Color Me Badd (okay she didn\u2019t say the Color Me Badd part, but if the shoe fits\u2026). Anywho, after fans heard her \u2018Days Inn\u2019 claim, they were like \u2018Chile please\u2026Usher ain\u2019t rollin\u2019 up to a cheap Days Inn hotel room to have sex with you.\u2019 Attorney Lisa Bloom with her accuser, Quantasia Days Inn Employee\u2019s Claims Days later, an alleged Days Inn worker then claimed she saw Usher walk into the hotel to go see Quantasia. The worker also said the only reason she revealed that is because she didn\u2019t like that Usher reportedly said to the press that Quantasia isn\u2019t \u201chis type.\u201d Many Usher fans didn\u2019t buy the employee\u2019s story either. Usher\u2019s Team Provides Their Proof Fast forward to today and Usher has spoken, through his team, to provide 3 facts that shoot down Quantasia\u2019s claims, according to TMZ. Check out what was reported by Usher\u2019s people below\u2026 1. : Usher and , Grace Miguel Sources close to the singer tell TMZ \u2026 he says there was never a hotel hookup with Quantasia Sharpton, telling friends, in November 2014 he was on the verge of getting engaged to Grace Miguel. Usher tells them at the time of his alleged encounter, Grace was his manager and they spent ALL their free time together. His people say when the two weren\u2019t enjoying free time, it was all business, and they were inseparable. The couple got engaged less than 2 months after the alleged Days Inn tryst.-via TMZ 2. ACCUSER\u2019S TIMELINE CONFLICT: Usher\u2019s people also say on the night in question his show ran late, which pushed the meet-and-greet well after midnight \u2026 and that flies in the face with Quantasia\u2019s timeline in which she claims she hooked up with the singer around 12. -via TMZ 3. TRAVEL SCHEDULE CONFLICT: We\u2019re told his travel schedule was super tight too \u2026 making it even more unlikely he even had time to step out for a secret trip to the Days Inn. -via TMZ Sometimes it\u2019s best to make moves in silence\u2026I wonder if Quantasia Sharpton and her attorney, Lisa Bloom, are now wishing that she did, because this is turning out to be a mess. Join us on Facebook for the most engaging discussions from the Old School! Old School News With A New Point Of View!", "label": 1, "id": 197}
{"text": "Watch The Resistance with Keith Olbermann Chris Buck Donald Trump is our next president, which means Keith's not going anywhere. Catch every episode of his new GQ show, The Resistance, and then come join the fight. Don't miss Keith Olbermann's new book, Trump Is F-cking Crazy (This Is Not a Joke) Available now on Amazon EP. 147 Trump Is Finished EP. 146 The Trump Voters Who\u2019ve Had Enough EP. 145 Guess Who Celebrated Election Night With Trump EP. 144 Trump is Lying About Russia EP. 143 Is This the End\u2026 of Trump\u2019s Sanity? EP. 142 Did Trump Spot the Indictment\u2019s Most Damning Phrase? EP. 141 We Have Indictments! Has Christmas Come Early? Keith Olbermann's suits, starting with episode 100, provided by Tallia Orange", "label": 0, "id": 392}
{"text": "Corey Taylor doesn\u2019t like Donald Trump. In fact, that\u2019s probably something of an understatement, the President being dubbed \u2018the Cheeto\u2019 throughout America 51. But on the other hand, Corey doesn\u2019t like the two-party system of American politics at all, which he makes abundantly clear at the beginning of his fourth book. One thing The Great Big Mouth loves, however, is his country \u2013 the United States Of America. In his typical stream-of-consciousness style, often flailing wildly off-topic, the Slipknot frontman airs his gripes with all the political bullshittery that has gone down on his home turf recently. While his previous books have taken aim at the unending list of humanity\u2019s traits that annoy Corey, this is a takedown of modern-day politics and (of course) the Trump administration from a man who admits he feels no kinship to either big party, but has a wealth of knowledge on American politics and a comical yet vicious tongue to match. Using his band life and turbulent childhood as reference points throughout, Corey shares his liberal views on everything from Black Lives Matter to Reaganomics, with cursing and caps lock firmly in place, forever reminding the reader that he\u2019s an asshole (his words!). And while not everyone will agree with the points made on these pages, this asshole knows his shit.", "label": 0, "id": 480}
{"text": "The Dallas Cowboys made headlines before their Week 3 \u201cMonday Night Football\u201d game against the Arizona Cardinals when they briefly knelt on the field \u2014 alongside owner Jerry Jones \u2014 and then stood with arms linked during the national anthem. While some saw the move as a good compromise between protesting during the anthem and respecting the flag, others were surprised and disappointed the Cowboys took a knee at all. Why is there politics in the middle of football? Protest on your own time! Political agenda being shoved down my throat everywhere No escape \u2014 TexasGirl (@HannahIvers) September 26, 2017 Well, Dez Bryant has good news for those who weren\u2019t happy with the demonstration: It won\u2019t be repeated. TRENDING: MLB Player Goes 7 Straight Games With HR, Sets Franchise Record The Cowboys\u2019 star receiver told the Dallas Morning News that the team will go back to doing what it did before Monday night\u2019s game: \u201cWe\u2019re going to stand and put our hand over our heart.\u201d Bryant said the Week 3 protest \u201cwas just a response to [President Donald] Trump. That\u2019s all that was.\u201d Trump had suggested last week that he\u2019d like to see NFL owners fire players who protest during the national anthem. Jones said Friday morning on KRLD-FMthat Bryant appeared to be \u201ctorn\u201d before the protest took place in Arizona. \u201cI\u2019m so appreciative of how the team responded,\u201d said Jones. \u201cIt was a trying time. Players were truly under pressure, external pressure from their relationships. They were really under pressure to basically in many cases kneel at the flag.\u201d As for this week, Bryant said, \u201cI\u2019m going to leave all of that in the past. It is what it is. I\u2019m focused on this week. I don\u2019t even want to think about it. I\u2019m done.\u201d Trump also tweeted that he had spoken with Jones and confirmed that the players will stand for Week 4. Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday. Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. Players will stand for Country! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 27, 2017 It appears the Cowboys will be back to business as usual come Sunday. Dallas will look to build upon its Week 3 victory over the Cardinals as it hosts the surprising Los Angeles Rams at AT&amp;T Stadium. We are committed to truth and accuracy in all of our journalism. Read our editorial standards.", "label": 0, "id": 225}
{"text": "Donald Trump, Republican nominee for president, does not believe in the United States Constitution. That\u2019s a strong statement, but it\u2019s increasingly clear that it\u2019s true. Trump wants to be president of a country whose fundamental organizing document he almost completely disagrees with. Even if he has read the Constitution \u2013 which is a serious question, as raised by Khizr and Ghazala Khan during the DNC \u2013 Trump doesn\u2019t believe in its core principles and values. You know, the principles and values that make America great. This disdain was on full display Monday. When talking about the recent bombings in New York and New Jersey, Trump lamented the fact that the Constitution would require suspected bomber Ahmad Khan Rahami to be treated fairly. \u201cHe will be represented by an outstanding lawyer. His case will go through the various court systems for years and in the end, people will forget and his punishment will not be what it once would have been. What a sad situation,\u201d he said. \u201cWe must have speedy but fair trials and we must deliver a just and very harsh punishment to these people.\u201d Trump also decried that Rahami would be given \u201camazing hospitalization\u201d and \u201ca fully modern and updated hospital room.\u201d Putting aside Trump\u2019s inaccurate assessment of the quality of medical care prisoners receive and the woefully underfunded public defender system in the U.S., Trump is attacking some of the bedrock principles of American justice. Ever since Gideon v. Wainwright, the Sixth Amendment to the Constitution has been understood to require that everyone charged with serious offenses in this country receive defense counsel. This protection for criminal defendants is cause for celebration, not castigation. Speaking about this right in glowing terms, the Supreme Court has said it is \u201cnecessary to insure fundamental human rights of life and liberty\u201d and called this a \u201cnoble ideal\u201d without which there can be no fair trial. Similarly, the Eighth Amendment prohibits \u201ccruel and unusual punishment.\u201d We already know from Trump\u2019s advocating extreme forms of torture that he is no fan of this part of the Constitution, but his comments Monday make that even clearer. Prisoners\u2019 serious medical needs cannot be ignored; doing so would be \u201ccruel and unusual.\u201d The Supreme Court has explained that \u201cinfliction of such unnecessary suffering is inconsistent with contemporary standards of decency\u201d and outlined the basic principle that \u201cthe public be required to care for the prisoner, who cannot, by reason of the deprivation of his liberty, care for himself.\u201d Just this weekend, he once again showed that he couldn\u2019t care less about the First Amendment. After The New York Times published a story finding that Trump relied on $885 million in tax breaks to build his real estate empire in New York City, Trump tweeted, \u201cMy lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. I said no (for now), but they are watching. Really disgusting.\u201d Of course, as any middle school student will tell you, the First Amendment protects the freedom of the press. Part of that protection is that no public figure can sue as a result of a bad story without proving malice, meaning that the journalists knew the story was false or demonstrated complete disregard for whether it was true. This standard is crucial in protecting the press from being attacked by people who don\u2019t like unflattering coverage. Without this principle, the press would be too scared to write pieces critical of the powerful, and the First Amendment would be virtually meaningless. It\u2019s been clear from other contexts, though, that \u201c virtually meaningless\u201d is how Trump views the First Amendment as a whole. Among other things, he has called for violence against individuals expressing their opinions and advocated for a religious test for those entering the country. These positions fly in the face of the First Amendment\u2019s protection of free expression and freedom of religion, as well as its guarantee against an established state religion. Trump is no fan of the rest of the Constitution either. His recently announced maternity leave plan includes no coverage for fathers, which shows his lack of concern for the 14th Amendment\u2019s Equal Protection Clause; his insistence that women and doctors should be punished for abortion shows that he doesn\u2019t believe in a constitutional right to privacy under the Due Process Clause; he has promised to violate treaties, which are constitutionally recognized sources of law; he doesn\u2019t understand the difference between state and federal authority, the basic principle of federalism which underlies the Constitution; nor does he care about separation of powers, the founding constitutional idea that the president, Congress and the courts have different responsibilities in order to prevent tyranny. In other words, other than his repeated invocation of the Second Amendment, including his not-so-oblique references to one of his supporters shooting Hillary Clinton (something that came up again this weekend), Trump has shown that he disagrees not just with one or two isolated parts of the Constitution \u2013 which would be within normal democratic bounds, and is countenanced by the Constitution\u2019s amendment process \u2013 but rather with the very fabric of the document. This is highly unusual in American politics, where most debate occurs against the backdrop of accepted constitutional principles. Trump doesn\u2019t appear to accept those principles at all, and instead seems to want to be president of a country with a foreign understanding of government and its relationship to the people. If Trump were elected, he would have to swear the same allegiance to the Constitution that every president has before him: \u201cI do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will faithfully execute the office of president of the United States, and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States.\u201d Based on how he has campaigned over the past year, if he were to utter those last 10 words, he would be lying \u2013 as has become par for the course with Donald Trump.", "label": 1, "id": 414}
{"text": "Brynn Photo In his Alabama appearance for Roy Moore, Steve Bannon turned in an intellectually and morally putrid performance even by his standards. There is a partisan case for voting for Moore, which is simply that Republicans can\u2019t afford to lose a Senate seat over the next three years and Moore\u2019s failings must be ignored or rationalized away for the larger good of the party. This is not an elevated line of reasoning and is not obviously correct on its own terms. With Democrats throwing John Conyers and Al Franken overboard, Senate Republicans would be welcoming into their ranks a potent symbol of sexual malfeasance to be used against them in the 2018 midterms. It\u2019s a better argument, though, than the tawdry justifications offered up by Bannon, who parachuted into an already disreputable campaign and dragged it through the gutter. Bannon seems to misunderstand the nature of the deplorables he seeks to lead. \u201cDeplorable\u201d is supposed to be an unfair, disparaging term for people who believe reasonable but politically incorrect things (immigration should be restricted, NFL players should stand during the national anthem, all lives matter, etc.). It shouldn\u2019t be a license for doing truly deplorable things. Democrats, at least some of them, now want to jettison Bill Clinton and are saying that they were wrong to defend him during his scandals. For his part, Bannon wants to pick up the ethics of the party of Clinton and transfer them into the GOP. In Alabama, Bannon used that phrase redolent of the 1990s, \u201cthe politics of personal destruction.\u201d Who is doing the destroying? Why the globalists, of course. There is nothing they aren\u2019t capable of. It\u2019s not clear why the globalists would be so fixated on defeating Moore that they\u2019d work behind the scenes to get a bunch of women \u2014 and corroborating witnesses \u2014 who don\u2019t know each other to lie about Moore having a romantic interest in them when they were teenagers. It seems a lot of effort to defeat a man who is arguing he should be elected to provide another vote for corporate tax cuts. Bannon referred to a conspiracy against Donald Trump in the way the \u201cAccess Hollywood\u201d tape was brought to light, somewhat jocularly. But his mind-set is deeply conspiratorial. Because there are so many forces arrayed against you \u2014 the globalists, the establishment, the media \u2014 you are freed of any moral responsibility or standards. In fact, the mere mention of the words \u201chonor\u201d or \u201cintegrity\u201d is a terrible provocation. Bannon launched his scurrilous attack on Mitt Romney because the former Republican presidential nominee used those terms in opposing Moore. Bannon shot back, in a truly perverse riff, that Moore has more honor in his \u201cpinkie\u201d than the entire Romney clan; per Bannon, Moore served in Vietnam and Romney didn\u2019t, and none of Romney\u2019s sons joined the military. Obviously, if going to Vietnam and having kids who served in the military is the sole measure of honor, Trump fails the test, and John McCain passes it. This doesn\u2019t stop Bannon from considering Trump the great savior of the republic and McCain a disgrace. But it\u2019s not worth trying too hard to unpack Bannon\u2019s spiel. There is a huge element of play-acting here. Bannon waited to see which way the wind was blowing in Alabama. If Moore were still running consistently behind Democrat Doug Jones, Bannon wouldn\u2019t be holding a campaign rally for him and challenging Romney to come down to Alabama to prove his manhood. He\u2019d be looking to minimize the damage and shift the blame (the advantage of the specter of an all-powerful establishment is that it can be blamed for anything). Privately, Bannon can\u2019t be thrilled that he\u2019s stuck with Moore, and he must know that Moore is a kook, even if he can\u2019t admit it in public. Bannon likes to attack everyone else in the party for lacking courage, but in Alabama, he\u2019s afraid to admit he backed a bum candidate and afraid to acknowledge the truth about Moore. The urgency to get the party to back Moore-type candidates isn\u2019t immediately apparent. If the point is just to hold Republican Senate seats, safer, more conventional Republicans are better suited to the task. If the point is just to support the Trump agenda, safer, more conventional candidates are as reliable, and perhaps more reliable than the likes of Moore, who opposed the Graham-Cassidy health care bill (\u201cRand Paul praises Roy Moore for opposing Obamacare repeal effort\u201d is how one headline put it at the time). Part of the point has to be to elect candidates who have no standards for the sake of it. Bannon may be thinking ahead to a time when the Trump sex allegations become a live issue again or when a true scandal emerges from the Robert Mueller investigation. In this scenario, will there be anyone more naturally inclined to be dismissive of the accusers or other evidence than former Judge Roy Moore? Bannon may also believe that a GOP with a highly attuned ethical sense can\u2019t truly be the party of the working class. In which case, who is the one who has contempt for the \u201crubes\u201d?", "label": 1, "id": 333}
{"text": "Robert F. Kennedy Jr. said that \u201cTrump could be the greatest president in history.\u201d In a 14 December 2016 interview with CNN\u2019s Don Lemon, Robert Kennedy, Jr. said that \u201cI think Trump can be any kind of president he wants. I think he could be the greatest president in history if he wanted to.\u201d Kennedy, who spoke these words prior to Donald Trump's taking office, was speaking in general terms about his hope that Trump would become a great president, seeing optimism in the fact that Trump appeared at the time to be unbound by ideology. On 14 December 2016, President John F. Kennedy\u2019s nephew, Robert F. Kennedy Jr, appeared on CNN Tonight with Don Lemon to discuss the appointment of former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State (a move Kennedy, an environmental activist, was strongly opposed to). In an earlier segment on that night\u2019s show, Lemon and his guests had drawn comparisons between the Trumps and the Kennedys, referencing remarks made by former Microsoft head Bill Gates a day earlier, with Lemon\u2019s asking Kennedy Jr. how he felt about this comparison: We\u2019ve discussed this on this show during the primary season, but Bill Gates has said today that Trump could be a new JFK. Some people look how close the Trump family is and how connected the children are to the family business and any they could be like the Kennedys. [\u2026] How do you feel about that? Kennedy\u2019s answer, essentially, was not that Donald Trump had already done and achieved things that would fairly rank him as the \u201cgreatest President in history,\u201d but that the comparison of Trump to the Kennedy family could turn out to be fair, because Donald Trump \u201cis less bound by ideology than any president probably that we\u2019ve had this century.\u201d His statement was one of optimism for the future and was not rooted in anything Donald Trump (who had yet to assume office) had actually done as President: I think Trump, you know, because he doesn\u2019t have obligations, he doesn\u2019t owe anything to anybody, if he\u2019s \u2014 I think if he cares about history and he understands that history is his principal audience, that he could be an extraordinary president. [\u2026] He said to Leonardo DiCaprio the other day that he wanted to be the next Teddy Roosevelt and he can easily do that he could \u2014 but I think it\u2019s important to start by surrounding yourself with advisers who share that idealism and not people who are just working for the oil industry. I think he can be any kind of president he wants. I think he could be the greatest president in history if he wanted to. Since that exchange, numerous pro-Trump websites have run with Kennedy\u2019s statement that \u201cI think [Trump] could be the greatest president in history\u201d without offering the any of the context that led to up to it. Numerous YouTube videos excerpt this brief segment, posted under the title \u201cRobert F. Kennedy Jr. Drops Bombshell: \u2018Trump Could Be Greatest President In History!'\u201d Other sites have added their own slanted commentary to Kennedy\u2019s remark, frequently suggesting the conversation happened more recently. In a May 2017 post frequently reshared on Facebook, ConservativeFighters.com gleefully and rhetorically asked: \u201cCan you hear the sobs coming from liberal protesters when a left-wing icon like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. finally admits the truth?\u201d While Kennedy is certainly a Democrat, he has expressed willingness to work with Trump in the past, especially during the timeframe when the Don Lemon interview took place. Trump allegedly offered Kennedy (though Trump later disputed this) the chance to head a controversial commission on \u201cvaccine safety\u201d that had been widely panned by the medical community back in January 2017. However, because Kennedy\u2019s words, in full context, were not offered as complimentary of Trump\u2019s actions as a president (which he wasn\u2019t at that point) but as a general hopefulness for the future, we rate this claim as a mixture. Snopes.com has long been engaged in the battle against misinformation, an effort we could not sustain without the support of our readers. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support us, click here.", "label": 0, "id": 561}
{"text": "Athletes choosing to kneel during the national anthem is currently a controversial topic in the US. The this past weekend, 27 players from the Jacksonville Jaguars and Baltimore Ravens opted to take a knee during the singing of the US national anthem before a game at Wembley Stadium in London. This was the most players ever to kneel during the national anthem in a single NFL game ever. The defiant stance has become a sign of protest against racial inequality within the US, and more recently, against President Trump's lacklustre response to the Charlottesville white-nationalist rally last month, and the heated aftermath that followed. The defiant stance first made national news following a preseason game in 2016, when Colin Kaepernick sat down (as opposed to the tradition of standing), during the playing of \"The Star-Spangled Banner\". His reasoning was divisive, but simple: \"I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder\" Eventually, Kaepernick conversed with former NFL player and US military veteran, Nate Boyer, and they both agreed that kneeling would be a much more respectful way to protest, whilst still showing respect for those who have fought in the US military. But the Jaguars and the Ravens weren't the only NFL teams to show solidarity against President Trump this week. The Pittsburgh Steelers, Oakland Raiders, Washington Redskins and more all protested in one way or another - with the Seattle Seahawks and Tennessee Titans even choosing to remain their locker rooms during the playing of the national anthem. And yet, what's even more inflammatory is President Trump's reaction to the silent protests. Instead of addressing the issues of racial injustice, Trump has hit out at the NFL, stating that fans should \u201crefuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp; Country\u201d, and that any players who take a knee should be fired or suspended. But President Trump isn't the only fan tuning in every week to witness the protests. Young children are incredibly impressionable, and one six-year-old in particular decided to demonstrate a protest of his own during the pledge of allegiance at his elementary school. As reported on ABC Action News, a six-year-old boy in Pasco County knelt down during a reading of the pledge of allegiance - an action that his teacher found disrespectful of the country, and disrespectful of the flag. The teacher send a text message to the boy's mother, informing her, \"I knew where he had seen it. But I did tell him that in the classroom, we are learning what it means to be a good citizen\". The teacher then told the child to \"stand up and stop it\", something that the boy's mother does not believe is her \"right\". The boy's mother said that she did not tell her son to take a knee, but also does not want her son to be silenced. She is now asking the school to be more open-minded, as she believes the issue is \"much bigger\" than her son. Linda Cobbe of Pasco County schools stated that they follow state law, and that the only way a student can be exempted from reciting the pledge of allegiance is with a written request from the parents, and even then, \"they must stand\". Cobbe also agreed that a more beneficial approach would have been to pull the boy to the side of the class and discuss the matter, instead of punishing him in front of the other students. But the mother believes that this shouldn't just be about her son: \"The bigger issue is cultural. They have demonstrated to me, through multiple incidents, that they don't take inclusion and diversity serious\". Both the boy's mom and the school are now hoping that the incident will be something everyone can learn from, as the school \"does not want to infringe on anyone's rights\". What do you think? Should the boy and his mother be punished? Was it simply just a child copying something his favorite football team did one TV, or was he fighting for his right to be heard and respected in the community? One thing is for sure, the actions of the NFL are being seen and heard across the nation by everyone.", "label": 0, "id": 615}
{"text": "The Supreme Court. Doug New York Times This article is part of the Opinion Today newsletter. You can sign up here to receive more briefings and a guide to the section daily in your inbox. Republicans are starting to talk openly about refusing to fill Antonin Scalia\u2019s Supreme Court seat not only through the end of President Obama\u2019s term but indefinitely. Ted Cruz, Charles Grassley and John McCain have all sent such signals, as have some other prominent conservatives. It\u2019s worth taking this talk seriously. Too many top Republicans have made clear in recent years that they care more about winning than about adhering to political norms or doing what\u2019s best for the country. You can see this attitude in the willingness to shut down the government, the threats to default on the national debt and the stated desire to make Obama a failed president. The political scientists Thomas Mann and Norm Ornstein call it \u201c asymmetric polarization\u201d: the two political parties have come to behave quite differently. Refusing to seat a ninth justice, simply for ideological reasons, would be a clear and worrisome break with democratic tradition. It would send the message that Republicans believe a president should be able to exercise the Constitutional power to name justices only if that president were Republican. It would represent a new level of partisan cynicism. I hope that the wiser heads within the Republican Party prevail after the election. But Democrats should be prepared for the alternative. The alternative would mean that Senate control \u2014 which remains up in the air, given the tightness of recent polls \u2014 will be crucial. If Republicans hold the Senate, a President Hillary Clinton would be at their mercy with any nominee. If Democrats take the Senate, they would have an obvious fallback plan: eliminating the 60-vote threshold of the filibuster \u2014 as a Senate majority can always do \u2014 and confirming a justice with 51 votes. As long as Republicans keep talking about permanent obstructionism, Democrats should not hesitate to use that option. What I\u2019m reading: Jeff Shesol, at The New Yorker, has an excellent breakdown of the growing signs of the Republicans\u2019 Supreme Court obstructionism.", "label": 1, "id": 359}
{"text": "Trump said the investigation into whether his campaign colluded with the Kremlin is \"phony,\" \"bad for our country,\" a \"witch hunt,\" and \"evil politics.\" (AP Photo/ Brennan Linsley) President Trump responded to reports that special counsel Robert Mueller is about to indict people in his investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election by pointing the finger at Democrats. Trump said the investigation into whether his campaign colluded with the Kremlin is \u201cphony,\u201d \u201cbad for our country,\u201d a \u201cwitch hunt,\u201d and \u201cevil politics.\u201d He added the news that Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign and the Democratic National Committee paid for the unverified dossier alleging scandalous behavior by Trump has united Republicans. \u201cNever seen such Republican ANGER &amp; UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12,0,0?), the Uranium to Russia deal, the 33,0 plus deleted Emails, the Comey fix and so much more,\u201d Trump tweeted. \u201cInstead they look at phony , \u2018collusion,\u2019 which doesn't exist. The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics, but the R's are now fighting back like never before. There is so much GUILT by , and now the facts are pouring out. DO SOMETHING!\u201d The $12 million figure refers to the amount of money Clinton\u2019s campaign paid to Perkins and Cole, a law firm that then paid Fusion GPS to do opposition research on Trump. Fusion GPS then paid former British spy Christopher Steele, who authored the dossier on Trump that was released shortly before the inauguration. It\u2019s not clear if all $12 million the Clinton campaign paid to the law firm went toward funding the dossier. Trump was also referring to a deal between an American company and a Russian government agency to purchase the company, which controlled about 20 percent of the country\u2019s uranium supply. Clinton\u2019s State Department was one of nine government agencies that signed off on the purchase, and that decision has come under new scrutiny after revelations that the FBI was investigating if Russians were trying to gain influence in the American uranium industry. Later on, Trump added the new focus on the Russia investigation is likely a distraction from the Republican push for tax reform. \"All of this 'Russia' talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp; Reform. Is this coincidental? NOT!\" Trump tweeted.", "label": 0, "id": 598}
{"text": "Opinion Modal Trigger Voters\u2019 top concerns are the stagnant economy and the threat of terrorism, but you wouldn\u2019t know it from Hillary Clinton\u2019s TV ads or campaign speeches. She\u2019s trying to twist the presidential race into a referendum on political correctness. Too embarrassed to run on her party\u2019s economic record or her failed stint as secretary of state, she\u2019s positioning herself as top cop of the speech police. For example, Hillary is running an ad depicting pre-teen girls looking self-consciously in the mirror, agonizing over their bodies. Sometimes such young girls\u2019 worries turn into deadly eating disorders, ultimately killing 10 percent of those affected. Clinton cynically exploits the pain and fear felt by thousands of families. Her ad uses a voiceover of Trump saying things like \u201cshe ate like a pig\u201d and \u201cdoes she have a fat ass?\u201d Parents struggling with their child\u2019s eating disorder run to one doctor after another frantically seeking answers. The causes are complex and still not entirely known \u2014 but no one believes the cause is Donald Trump. Some experts blame Hollywood\u2019s glorification of skinny women for at least contributing to the rash of eating disorders and young girls\u2019 body-image struggles. Instead of trying to muzzle Trump and other men, why isn\u2019t Hillary calling out her big supporters in the entertainment industry? The same question applies to Hillary\u2019s double standard in bashing Trump for lewdness but celebrating it in popular music. Clinton\u2019s latest super PAC ads condemn Trump\u2019s bawdy 2005 remarks on a bus with show-biz journalist Billy Bush. Trump bragged to his buddy, \u201cI moved on her like a bitch.\u201d Clinton claims to have been outraged when she heard it, calling it \u201chorrific.\u201d Manhattan Institute scholar Heather Mac Donald chuckles at Clinton\u2019s hypocritical \u201csudden onset of Victorian vapors.\u201d After all, Clinton has no problem with the salacious lyrics of her pal and supporter Beyonc\u00e9. Even when Beyonc\u00e9 sings: \u201cI came to slay bitch . . . when he f\u2013k me good I take his ass to Red Lobster.\u201d Clinton says, \u201cI want to be as good a president as Beyonc\u00e9 is a performer.\u201d Trump can\u2019t catch a break with Clinton, even when he\u2019s trying to do the right thing. Another Clinton ad attacks Trump reaching out to inner-city African-Americans with promises of more jobs and school choice. Reminding minority voters that Democratic politicians have failed to improve their economic opportunities, Trump asks for their vote, saying: \u201cWhat the hell do you have to lose?\u201d Clinton\u2019s ad says: \u201cEverything.\u201d It follows her ad featuring Ku Klux Klan members praising Trump. It\u2019s McCarthyite guilt by association. Trump has no connection to the group. What\u2019s Trump actually guilty of? Poaching on Hillary\u2019s turf. Worse than tarring Trump, she\u2019s labeling cops, teachers and millions of other Americans racists. Whenever she talks to black audiences, she stokes racial resentment. She told the NAACP that whites \u201cneed to recognize our privilege and practice humility.\u201d All whites, she claims, have \u201cimplicit bias,\u201d and she wants bias training for police and other professions. Implicit bias \u2014 you\u2019re told you have it even if you don\u2019t realize it, no matter how colorblind you try to be, and denying your bias just proves it. Implicit bias is PC drivel. There\u2019s no solid data to support it, cautions social scientists Philip Tetlock of UPenn and Gregory Mitchell of the University of Virginia and experts from New York University and the University of Connecticut. But if Clinton becomes president, we\u2019ll all be undergoing re-education at school or work to cure our \u201cimplicit bias.\u201d To see what President Hillary\u2019s America would be like, look at most college campuses today. Few on campus dare to question Black Lives Matter, militant multiculturalism and \u201csafe spaces\u201d to spare students from challenging ideas. Hillary\u2019s dictating how Americans talk about race, sex, even body shapes. Trump calls it like he sees it. He doesn\u2019t stick to the well-rehearsed rhetoric of a career politician. But his supporters are sick and tired of political correctness. He\u2019s not running for saint. He\u2019s running to get the job done, something Hillary Clinton has already proven she can\u2019t do. Betsy McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research.", "label": 1, "id": 107}
{"text": "On Monday ESPN suspended Jemele Hillfor 2 weeks in response to her tweets encouraging NFL fans to boycott anyone who sponsors Dallas Cowboys owner, Jerry Jones. Hill's tweet was in response to Jones comments that any player who disrespected the flag would be cut from his team. In a statement ESPN said, \"Jemele Hill has been suspended for two weeks for a second violation of our social media guidelines. She previously acknowledged letting her colleagues and company down with an impulsive tweet. In the aftermath, all employees were reminded of how individual tweets may reflect negatively on ESPN and that such actions would have consequences. Hence this decision.\" ESPN says that it has accepted the apology of Jemele Hill for tweeting that President Trump and his followers are \"white supremacists.\" Earlier this week, the co-host of ESPN's \u201cSC6 with Michael and Jemele\" fired off a series of tweets calling the President a \"bigot\" and \"white supremacist.\" Hill apologized for her tweets on Wednesday. \"My comments on Twitter expressed my personal beliefs.\" She wrote on Twitter. \"My regret is that my comments and the public way I made them painted ESPN in an unfair light.\" The network issued a followup statement after her apology and said that Hill has a right to her personal beliefs, but said that they are not reflective of the company's opinions or beliefs. \"She has acknowledged that her tweets crossed that line and has apologized for doing so. We accept her apology,\" they wrote. ESPN has been under intense scrutiny after they pulled their broadcaster Robert Lee off air \u201cas the tragic events in Charlottesville were unfolding\" in August. The Associated Press contributed to this report. White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is calling for the termination of an ESPN anchor after she called President Donald Trump a white supremacist on Twitter. \u201cThat is one of the more outrageous comments that anybody could make and certainly is something that is a fireable offense by ESPN,\u201d Sanders said on Wednesday. This comes after Jemele Hill, who co-hosts a ESPN show called \u201cSC6 with Michael and Jemele,\" fired off a series of Tweets denouncing Trump and calling his supporters white supremacists. EPSN soon issued a statement in response to Smith's remarks. \u201cThe comments on Twitter from Jemele Hill regarding the president do not represent the position of ESPN,\u201d the network said. \u201cWe have addressed this with Jemele and she recognizes her actions were inappropriate.\u201d ESPN on Tuesday distanced itself from anchor Jemele Hill\u2019s tweets calling President Trump \u201ca bigot\u201d and \u201ca white supremacist.\u201d \u201cThe comments on Twitter from Jemele Hill regarding the president do not represent the position of ESPN,\u201d the network tweeted from its public relation\u2019s department\u2019s account. \u201cWe have addressed this with Jemele and she recognizes her actions were inappropriate,\u201d ESPN added of Hill, a co-host on the 6 p.m. broadcast of the network\u2019s \u201cSportsCenter\u201d program. Hill on Monday had a series of Twitter exchanges with other users that involved her harshly criticizing Trump. \u201cDonald Trump is a white supremacist who has largely surrounded himself white supremacists,\u201d she said in one tweet. \u201cTrump is the most ignorant, offensive president of my lifetime,\u201d Hill added in another post. \u201cHis rise is a direct result of white supremacy. Period.\u201d Hill added in a third tweet that \u201cDonald Trump is a bigot\u201d before going on to deride the president\u2019s supporters. \u201cThe height of white privilege is being able to ignore his white supremacy, because it\u2019s of no threat to you,\u201d she said. \u201cWell, it\u2019s a threat to me.\u201d Some Twitter users on Wednesday praised Hill for singling out Trump, while others lambasted her decision instead. ESPN is owned by Disney, and neither company elaborated on a possible punishment for Hill, who was on Tuesday night\u2019s broadcast of \u201cSportsCenter\u201d like normal. Former National Football League (NFL) quarterback Colin Kaepernick, meanwhile, on Tuesday voiced support for Hill on Twitter. Kaepernick remains unsigned after playing with the San Francisco 49ers from 2011 to 2016 in a situation that remains controversial in the football world. The professional athlete began kneeling during the National Anthem last year to protest police brutality and racial injustice. Supporters say Kaepernick is making a legitimate stand for social justice, while critics charge he is acting unpatriotic instead. These celebrities ended up deleting their Twitter accounts. Let's get started!", "label": 1, "id": 12}
{"text": "The story is told that one evening, President Lincoln greeted a Congressional delegation, ushered them into his private study and asked their business. \u201cWe present you with a petition,\u201d said the group leader, \u201cdemanding that you dismiss General Grant.\u201d \u201cAnd why should I do that?\u201d asked Lincoln. \u201cGrant is a drinker,\u201d replied the leader. \u201cHe is known to have been drunk in his tent.\u201d The president replied, \u201cGentlemen, I wish all my generals drank what Grant drinks; he wins!\u201d This is how we should regard President Trump\u2019s tweeting and his unbecoming, personal attacks on members of the media. We may cringe at Mika\u2019s still-bleeding face, as we would in the tent of a drunken general. But Trump wins! In office barely five months, he has moved sure-footedly to correct the derelictions of the feckless fool who preceded him. His cabinet, the best since Lincoln, the Keystone pipeline, the impeccable Supreme Court nominee, the gathering of what amounted to the formative meeting of a Middle East NATO to defeat ISIS, the facing up to North Korea and Iran and Russia and China, the withdrawal from the rigged, insufferable Paris Climate Accord, sealing our borders to prohibit illegal entry, especially entry by dreadful thugs and terrorists, and moving aggressively to rid the country of those thugs and illegals like MS-13 and the monster who killed Kate Steinle, whom Obama welcomed, either directly or through insolent benign neglect. And on and on. We are awestruck at the vision, purpose and energy Trump has brought to the leadership of his country. But he is yet hampered by a war at home. The Democrats, the Progressives (or do I repeat myself), the Radicals, The Anarchists, the Communists, the university intelligentsia, Black Lives Matter, all amalgamated into a huge mass of vicious, unhinged hatred for Donald Trump. He alone stands between A Great America and the Sorosification of America. And so we see a level of disgusting personal attack on Mr. Trump such as has never been seen before, including faux-beheadings, calls for his impeachment, calls for his assassination, magazine covers depicting the president\u2019s head with the cross hairs of a rifle at his temple, queries about his sanity, \u201cprofessional\u201d assertions of his imbalance, bastardized Shakespearean plays, allegations that he is a modern Hitler, utterly invented stories of misconduct by Trump or his team, based on unidentified \u201csources.\u201d Ad nauseam. I propose you did a disservice to your community and your country when you admonished Rep. McSally to come out and vigorously oppose President Trump and school him in proper conduct (\u201cTime for McSally to take a stand,\u201d July 5, Page A6). And I propose you were in error when you promised that if she did not follow your advice, she would be punished in 2018 by the voters. You have it exactly backward. She owes her president her complete loyalty. She doesn\u2019t need your advice. She is already wobbly enough. And, if she is punished at the 2018 election, it will be for failure to support and defend her president, and the punishment will be at the hands of We The People, who elected Mr. Trump.", "label": 1, "id": 195}
{"text": "Brazil\u2019s new Migration Law relaxes criminal penalties for migrants. At a recent protest against this law in S\u00e3o Paulo, Muslim migrants demonstrated their distaste for dissent. Jihad Watch reader Natan sends in this video and writes: Terrorist Attempt at Anti-Migration Law Protest in Brazil. Syrian immigrants throw homemade bombs at peaceful people protesting at Av. Paulista in S\u00e3o Paulo, Brazil. The attack took place on May 2, when the group of protesters was walking. The attack was recorded by one of the protesters. In the video it is possible to see when the Muslims ignited the artifact and launched against the civilians. Police arrested the attackers, the crime was registered at a local police station.", "label": 0, "id": 54}
{"text": "In his election campaign, Mr Trump was clear about his desire to build a \"great great\" wall along the border of the US and Mexico which he believes will bring an end to illegal immigration from South and Central America. LBC presenter Ian Collins received a call from Mexican Josephine, who explained why she could not wait for work to begin on the wall. Josephine believes people from her native country are victimised because the Mexican government does not do enough for their people and have no authority when it comes to handling crime, especially in relation to drugs. She said: \u201cWe get the blame for all these criminals. A Mexican caller is excited for Donald Trump to build a wall along the American and Mexican border \u201cThe Mexican government has turned a blind eye and the war has been lost with the drugs. \u201cMany areas of Mexico have become worse than Chicago. \u201cPeople are shooting themselves. they look after their family and they have machine guns and they drive around in trucks.\u201d Collins then asked: \u201cSo you\u2019re saying Donald Trump wasn\u2019t being a racist then? I don\u2019t want to put words in your mouth I just want to be clear.\u201d Tue, December 13, 2016 Donald John Trump is an American businessman and politician who is President-elect of the United States as well as chairman and president of The Trump Organization \u201cNo, no, no,\u201d Josephine replied. Since becoming President-elect has reiterated his intention to crack down on immigration. Speaking to CBS in his first major interview since being elected Mr Trump said: \u201cWhat we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably two million \u2013 it could be even three million \u2013 we are getting them out of the country or we are going to incarcerate.\u201d Collins, attempting to understand why the Mexican woman was so pleased about Mr Trump\u2019s election success, said: \u201cWas he saying something that lots of people think but are too scared to say?\u201d Josephine said: \u201cYes, and another thing is that I love the people that are here that I know, I know many people that are Asians, that are Arabs, good speaking English people, but there are very few. \u201cThe most people in the area don\u2019t want to mix, and they are very hostile. \u201cEverything has been twisted. I have scrutinised everything in this campaign and newspapers said today he is getting rid of three million migrants. \u201cBut they missed a word. Trump said \u2018illegal criminals\u2019.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 459}
{"text": "The NFL national anthem story isn\u2019t going away anytime soon. During many debate shows that air on cable sports networks, it was topic one. This was especially true during true during FS1\u2019s Undisputed with Skip Bayless and Shannon Sharpe. As the FS1 Dynamic Duo began discussing the topic, Sharpe went on an incredible eight-minute rant on how NFL owners suddenly got an awakening about President Trump\u2019s comments at an Alabama rally about players who kneel during the national anthem. Sharpe first said he was \u201cdisappointed and \u2026 unimpressed,\u201d about the whole thing. And then he expressed why he was disappointed and unimpressed: \u201cI\u2019m disappointed, Skip and Joy, because this is the tipping point. Of the 7,537 things that President Trump has said in the last 50 years, him calling an NFL player a \u2018SOB\u2019 is what brought the NFL, the owners and players together. And while some might be moved by the conscience of these NFL owners, it wasn\u2019t their conscience that moved them. It was the cash. Because see Skip, what we know about people with money, they don\u2019t like to be told what to do\u2026they don\u2019t like being bullied. You see, President Trump has bullied a lot of people \u2026\u201d Sharpe then mentioned Trump\u2019s comments on Mexico, attacking a Gold Star family after last year\u2019s Democratic National Convention, and his statements to former Access Hollywood host Billy Bush about women saying, \u201cthat did not shock the conscience of NFL owners.\u201d And he also pointed out a number of owners, including Jerry Jones, Daniel Snyder, Shad Khan, and Robert Kraft, who contributed to Trump\u2019s inauguration. \u201cNow I\u2019m unimpressed because this wasn\u2019t a protest. This was unity. So what are we showing solidarity against, Skip? We\u2019re showing solidarity because President Trump . he challenged the very men \u2026 wealthy, wealthy men \u2026 billionaires and he told them what you should do if someone protests, you should fire them. They don\u2019t like being told what to do, Skip. \u201cAnd then, Skip, he called players that protested the anthem \u2026 he called them \u2018SOB\u2019s.\u2019 Think about that now, he called them \u2018SOB\u2019s.\u2019 That\u2019s what got the owners, that\u2019s what got the players to unite. \u201cIs that the worst that he\u2019s ever said? Absolutely not. Never called Vladimir Putin an \u2018SOB,\u2019 Never called (Erdogan) of Turkey an \u2018SOB,\u2019 even those men that walked down the streets in Charlottesville, Virginia \u2026 he never said \u2018SOB\u2019 \u2026\u201d This was an impassioned Sharpe. He also pointed out Colin Kaepernick, who started the kneeling during the national anthem, was forgotten and the NFL owners were uniting against Donald Trump. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t until he came for the NFL that their conscience was shocked!\u201d Sharpe said of all the teams that issued statements this weekend, only the Seattle Seahawks got the reason why they were denouncing the President\u2019s statements. And he also set his sights on fellow FS1 analyst Ray Lewis for previously criticizing Kaepernick and then kneeling on the sideline with the Baltimore Ravens in London on Sunday. Sharpe said he was \u201cvery disappointed\u201d in him, saying Lewis \u201csat in that chair right there saying that he could never kneel, never not stand for the national anthem\u201d citing those who died fighting for the flag and then he went down on both knees. \u201cWhat are you kneeling for?\u201d It was one of the more emotional segments on Undisputed in its brief history.", "label": 0, "id": 23}
{"text": "Do Not Resist is an order to the viewer: Watch. Videos in newsfeeds depicting the murder of black men by police open automatically without warning on our screens all the time, forcing another wave of trauma for some black folks and other people of color. This film changes the perspective, offering on-the-ground footage of protests, police-academy training and interviews with people involved in both. Why does our society so often discount the stories of black people who face danger from the police? The Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court has just passed a ruling declaring that it is reasonable for black men to flee police officers, so great is the risk. In this new and vital documentary, Craig Atkinson interrogates what is happening in American police departments and why cops' presence on the streets looks more and more like war. There's no need for commentary in the film when footage from protests in Ferguson, Missouri, immediately following Michael Brown's death at the hands of a police officer shows squads of cops in riot gear, holsters on their hips, facing down young black men wearing shirts reading \"STOP KILLING US.\" Why do police act this way? What is the culture creating this? At local and national levels, Atkinson investigates. His visit to a police academy, where officers in training are told that the riskiness of their day jobs guarantees great sex back home, illuminates the objectification, detachment and selfish brutality of American police culture \u2014 and why it might be so seductive. Atkinson focuses on the growing resistance to it; we must, too. Director:Craig Atkinson Writer:Craig Atkinson", "label": 0, "id": 455}
{"text": "President Donald Trump criticized some in the National Football League Friday night at a rally for Alabama Republican Senate candidate Luther Strange, saying team owners should fire players for taking a knee during the national anthem. Trump added that if fans would \"leave the stadium\" when players kneel in protest during the national anthem, \"I guarantee, things will stop.\" Trump said NFL owners should respond to the players by saying, \"Get that son of a b**** off the field right now, he's fired. He's fired!\" Unable to play video. HTML5 is not supported! \"For a week, (that owner would) be the most popular person in this country. Because that's a total disrespect of our heritage. That's a total disrespect for everything we stand for,\" Trump said. Last year, Colin Kaepernick -- formerly with the San Francisco 49ers, but currently without a team -- drew national attention for refusing to stand during \"The Star-Spangled Banner\" prior to kickoff. \"I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color,\" Kaepernick told NFL Media in August 2016. His protest spurred both support and backlash. Following the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, where white supremacists gathered to protest the removal of a Confederate soldier statue, Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett told CNN he would follow suit. \"I can't stand for the national anthem,\" Bennett said. \"I can't stand right now. I'm not going to be standing until I see the equality and freedom.\" Trump also took aim at NFL efforts to prevent concussions. \"They're ruining the game, right?\" he said. \"They're ruining the game.\"", "label": 0, "id": 624}
{"text": "Tropical Storm Harvey is building up strength in the Gulf of Mexico. A hurricane may be on our hands, and it\u2019s headed to Texas and Louisiana, where it is predicted to do a lot of flooding with massive amounts of rain and 80 mph winds. Update (8/25/17; 8:29 P.M.): Hurricane Harvey has seriously picked up. The storm has upped the ante to a Category 4 hurricane with sustained winds as high as 130 mph. Gusts of winds have been reported to be as high as 155 mph. Update (8/27/17; 10:45 P.M.): Massive flooding has reached Houston and many areas of southeast Texas, with 20 inches of rain hitting some areas. However, the hurricane has since dwindled from a Category 2, with sustained winds of 110 mph. More flooding and rainfall is expected into Wednesday, with meteorologists predicting 50 inches of rainfall. Three deaths have already been reported along with 12 injuries. Update (8/29/17; 7:52 P.M.): Harvey is officially a tropical storm. However, that doesn\u2019t downplay the danger. An incredible amount of flooding has been reported in the Houston area. There are now 14 official causalities of the storm, including a family of six and a Houston police officer. Update (9/5/17; 1:34 P.M.): The death toll of Hurricane Harvey has increased to at least 60 causalities as a direct result of the storm. Officials are expecting up to 20 inches of rain in eastern Texas and southwestern Louisiana, starting Friday (August 25) up until the beginning of next week. As a result of the impending storm, Portland, Texas, is already being evacuated. Corpus Christi Mayor, Joe McComb, just announced that a voluntary evacuation is highly encouraged especially if you are in a low-lying area. \u2014 H-E-B Prepared (@HEBPrepared) August 24, 2017 Exxon Mobil and Royal Dutch Shell have also evacuated their employees. Flights in-and-out of the area have been cancelled and delayed. Gas stations are currently running out of gas as people are attempting to escape the path of the hurricane. Hurricane Harvey Path On Thursday, Hurricane Harvey can be found in the Gulf of Mexico. It\u2019s been predicted that the storm will be into Texas by Friday, and will advance even more as it enters Louisiana. Flooding is expected in both states. The current speed of the hurricane is 80 mph. San Patricio County issues mandatory evacuation via @callerdotcom #HurricaneHarvey #RGV \u2014 Teddy Wilson (@reportbywilson) August 24, 2017 School Closures Schools in Houston have been closed in anticipation of Hurricane Harvey. Districts are announcing closures for public schools, community colleges, and universities. Hurricane Harvey school closures in Houston: Districts already announcing closures 7vFuhFZ via @houstonchron \u2014 Andrew Blankstein (@anblanx) August 24, 2017 Here\u2019s a short list of some of the schools that will be closing down as a result of the storm.", "label": 0, "id": 233}
{"text": "Rachel Crooks, Samantha Holvey and Jessica Leeds with documentarian Robert Greenwald (Photo: Screen capture) A total of 16 women joined together Monday to address their stories of sexual assault and sexual harassment at the hands of President Donald Trump. While many of these women came forward during the 2016 election, the Trump campaign attacked them, their lives and many right-wing activists invented information designed to discredit them. The three women that spoke earlier to Megyn Kelly sat at a table with documentarian Robert Greenwald of Brave New Films. He commended the reporters who have investigated the many accounts across all industries about sexual harassment. \u201cThere was one man that wasn\u2019t being held accountable \u2014 who\u2019s not being called out,\u201d Greenwald said. That\u2019s why he decided to create the documentary with the women. \u201cIt really had an impact on your heart, your soul, your emotions,\u201d Greenwald said. He noted that so many women came forward to warn Americans, but \u201cattention was not paid.\u201d Today, Greenwald said \u201cwe know better. We know a lot better,\u201d when it comes to predators. He demanded those in politics to act against anyone of either party not to give anyone \u201ca pass.\u201d Jessica Leeds, Samantha Holvey and Rachel Crooks each introduced themselves, telling story after story of their horrifying encounters with Trump. \u201cI have a new dream now that this man will be held accountable for his actions and that future women will not be treated as less than just because they are a woman,\u201d Holvey said. Crooks noted that given Trump owned the building in which she worked, she didn\u2019t have any power to do anything. \u201cGiven this hostile work environment, my only solution at the time was to simply avoid additional encounters with him,\u201d Crooks said. \u201cI do realize that in the grand scheme of things there are far worse cases of sexual harassment, misconduct and assault. But make no mistake, there is no acceptable level of this behavior. That some men think they can use their power, position or notoriety to demean attack women speaks to their character and not ours. Which, believe me, is a tough lesson learned.\u201d She went on to say that it was only through other remarkably similar accounts that she felt empowered to come forward. \u201cInstead, this was serial misconduct and perversion on the part of Mr. Trump,\u201d Crooks continued. \u201cUnfortunately, this behavior isn\u2019t rare in our society. Many women of any background can be victims. The only reason I am here today is because this offender is the president of our country.\u201d She went on to note that Trump had dismissed his \u201cAccess Hollywood\u201d tape as \u201clocker room talk,\u201d but \u201chaving been the victim of such actions, I knew better.\u201d She asked that some things should transcend politics and that all people, regardless of position or power be held accountable for their actions, including Trump. Leeds walked through her disgusting story and further encounter, saying that she never once anticipated being on the front page of a newspaper. She was \u201cabsolutely destroyed\u201d by Trump\u2019s election. \u201cThe United States is a big strong country,\u201d Leeds said that she thought at the time. \u201cWe can survive this person.\u201d But women kept coming up to her in public and told Leeds their own story. She said that she had hoped things were better for women in business, but \u201capparently I was wrong.\u201d When the Harvey Weinstein story hit and woman after woman began to come forward, people were finally being held accountable. \u201cExcept for our president,\u201d Leeds said. She quoted Trump\u2019s White House, who has said that the women are all \u201cliars.\u201d She noted that some are holding men accountable for bad behavior, however, \u201cour president is not being held accountable for what he is and who he is.\u201d Leeds said that this is part of the problem that is happening in Alabama. Crooks agreed, saying that Trump endorsed Roy Moore because he denied the allegations and it \u201cworked for him.\u201d Lisa Boyne spoke via phone to the press conference, telling her own story of being invited to a dinner party with Trump in the West Village. She said that he wanted the women to rate other women on a 1 to 10 scale. While at dinner, the men used the table as a \u201ccasting couch.\u201d The women were brought to the table one by one and he told them to walk across the table. Boyne said that Trump looked up their skirts as they walked by. She said that John Casablancas ordered her to drink more but she refused and he was bothered by her refusal. She ultimately excused herself to the ladies room and from the restaurant. She explained that over the years her story was met with shame and questions of why she was there. She tried to pitch it to reporters, but no one wanted to hear it. \u201cAs a parent I was so deeply deeply offended\u2026 because he had a son around the age of my son and what sort of values are we teaching our children when we say that something like rape is \u2018locker room talk,'\u201d she shouted. \u201cAnd that her husband talking about that is \u2018boy talk.\u2019 Everybody is normalizing as something that boys and men say in the locker room. That is the talk of horrible people and Trump keeps staying it to the press pool. And you\u2019re all taking it in like it\u2019s normal. It is not a normal way for people to talk. Why aren\u2019t people calling him out on that. Something that is so horrific \u2014 I\u2019m so fed up of listening to people. We take it in like it\u2019s nothing. We shouldn\u2019t teach our boys to talk like this.\u201d She went on to say it was \u201cone thousand times worse that what Al Franken has done.\u201d Watch the full event below: You can watch the clip of the Brave New Films documentary below:", "label": 1, "id": 17}
{"text": "GREENVILLE, S.C. \u2014 Two people are dead after an officer-involved shooting Friday afternoon on White Horse Road, according to the Greenville County Sheriff Will Lewis. The sheriff\u2019s office got a call that a man with a gun was chasing a woman near McAfee Funeral Home, according to Greenville County Sheriff Will Lewis. Deputies responded to a call that came in just after 4 p.m. according to dispatch. The shooting happened near the McAfee Funeral Home on White Horse Road, dispatch said. As the woman ran across White Horse Road, the man shot her, according to Greenville County Coroner Parks Evans. He said when deputies confronted the man, the man fired at deputies. The coroner said the deputies returned fire killing him. The woman was taken to Greenville Memorial Hospital where she was pronounced dead just before 5:30 p.m., said Evans. Saturday afternoon the Greenville County coroner's office identified the woman as Candy Rosario, 25, of Greenville. Witnesses on scene said a deputy confronted the man and ordered him to put down his gun and the deputy was forced to discharge their weapon after the man did not put the gun down. Witnesses on scene said about 10 to 15 shots were fired. On Sunday, the Greenville County coroner identified the man as Ramiro Bravo Ramirez, 34, of Greenville. The coroner said autopsy results on Ramirez are still pending. Dispatchers said White Horse Road reopened around 6 a.m. on Saturday. All of the deputies are fine and the investigation has been turned over to SLED, Lewis said. Following standard procedure, the deputy is placed on administrative leave while the investigation is pending. We will continue to update this story as we get new information.", "label": 0, "id": 499}
{"text": "Disgraced Hollywood producer and mogul Harvey Weinstein has been under the spotlight as multiple disturbing allegations of him sexually abusing women have come to the public's attention following an article published by the New York Times. The abuse has allegedly been occurring for over three decades, with the earliest case cited being from 1984. TMZ writes that on Wednesday morning Weinstein's daughter Remy called 911 to notify police that her father was \"suicidal and depressed.\" The 22-year-old and her father were reportedly arguing. The morning's event took place in the Los Angeles area. The Daily Mail reportsthat Weinstein attempted to flag down a ride from a random driver following the argument. When the police arrived, Remy reportedly made no mention that her father was suicidal, and said it was a family dispute. Actresses Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Mira Sorvino, Rosanna Arquette, Heather Graham, Ashley Judd, Asia Argento, and others have come forth with their personal stories of Weinstein's sickening and sexually abusive behavior. Weinstein's wife Georgina Chapman left the famed Hollywood producer on Tuesday. In a statement made to People, Chapman wrote, \"My heart breaks for all the women who have suffered tremendous pain because of these unforgivable actions. I have chosen to leave my husband. Caring for my young children is my first priority and I ask the media for privacy at this time.\"", "label": 0, "id": 307}
{"text": "PUYALLUP, Wash. - A man who police say is connected to nearly a dozen robberies was shot by an officer after a chase Wednesday morning. The suspect is expected to survive after undergoing CPR at the scene. The officer responded to the Denny's restaurant near South Hill Mall for reports of an armed robber threatening employees and customers. The officer began chasing a pickup truck that was speeding away. The driver lost control and crashed into a concrete overpass pillar nearby, police say. That's when the passenger pointed a gun at the driver, prompting the officer to fire a shot, injuring the gunman. The suspect was given CPR until medics could arrive and transport him to the hospital. Police say the suspect, a 37-year-old convicted felon, is tied to at least ten other robberies in the Pierce County area. The driver, a 39-year-old who is also a convicted felon, was arrested and booked into the Pierce County Jail, The officer is now on paid administrative leave, which is standard procedure after an officer fires their gun.", "label": 0, "id": 416}
{"text": "A recent Sacramento Bee commentaryby another anti-Trump ankle biter (\u201cHorrified by Trump? Just tell yourself it could be worse,\u201d by Foon Rhee) talked about how horrified he was by President Trump. How Trump\u2019s belittled our allies, demonized immigrants and endangered the environment \u2014 the usual mind vomit leftists spew forth on a daily basis. He talked about Russian collusion, which after 11 months and nearly $7 million has yielded no evidence whatsoever, and how Trump is undermining America by deregulating the EPA and repealing Obama\u2019s health care debacle, which is true since Trump is trying to improve both fiascos. The writer then goes on to say that as horrible as Trump is, it could be worse. That is also true, especially if Hillary had been elected. She would not only have increased the growing malignancy of a liberal ideology that has made a mockery of the presidency, the IRS, the FBI, the DOJ and the media, but we\u2019d have both Clinton serial women abusers and compulsive liars in the White House. On Hillary\u2019s website one can open tabs on ethnic, religious and sexual minorities all related to the nature of diversity, power and oppression, but unlike Trump\u2019s, there\u2019s not one mention of her vision of a true American community. Why is that? Latest news by email The afternoon's latest local news Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms Larry Bargenquast, Paso Robles What do you think? The Tribune welcomes your opinion. Send your letters to the editor to letters@thetribunenews.comor submit your letter here. Letters should be no longer than 200 words. Your letter must include your address and phone number. Writers are limited to one letter a month. We reserve the right to edit letters for length, clarity and taste. All letters and Viewpoints become the property of The Tribune.", "label": 1, "id": 578}
{"text": "Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos was an \"accomplice\" to Las Vegas Strip mass shooter Stephen Paddock. On 5 October 2017, the disreputable web site GotNews.com \u2014 run by notorious Internet troll Chuck C. Johnson \u2014 reported (with no evidence or citations) that the security guard being lauded as a hero for his role in helping to stop the massacre perpetrated by Las Vegas Strip shooter Stephen Paddock was, in fact, an accomplice in the shooting. Stephen Paddock, 64, has been named as the lone gunman by law enforcement in the 1 October 2017 mass shooting, in which he fired on a music festival crowd of 22,0 with a modified automatic weapon from a suite in the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, killing 58 and wounding hundreds. High-ranking officials from the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, the law enforcement agency leading the investigation, have said that while they still don\u2019t know if Paddock had any accomplices in planning the attack, they have on several occasions confirmed that per their investigation, he was the only shooter. Large-scale tragedies like mass shootings and terrorist attacks have been unfortunate lures for conspiracy theorists and purveyors of false information in the Internet age. Disreputable web sites latch on to the chaotic aftermaths of such incidents to seduce audiences with \u201calternatives\u201d to official investigations, claiming to harbor the \u201ctruth\u201d that dishonest officials and the \u201cmainstream media\u201d are hiding from the public. For example, GotNews stories carry this fundraising plug: You won\u2019t hear this stuff from the lying mainstream media. Keep the GotNews mission alive: donate at GotNews. or send tips to editor@gotnews.com. If you\u2019d like to join our research team, contact editor@gotnews.com. GotNews didn\u2019t provide in its story any evidence to support their claim that hotel security guard Jesus Campos was an accomplice, other than an anonymous \u201cofficial\u201d with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms (ATF). GotNews reported: The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives now believes Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock likely had help planning and executing the deadliest mass shooting in US history from none other than the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino security guard who was shot in the leg that night, a senior ATF official told GotNews. Jesus Campos has been praised for his apparent heroics on October 1st, as he supposedly rushed to Paddock\u2019s suite, was shot in the upper thigh through the door, and continued to help get people to safety despite his wounds. However, a new report indicates the ATF now believes he was likely an accomplice of Paddock\u2019s, and may have even been involved in the initial shooting as a second gunman from the other broken window in Paddock\u2019s 32nd-floor room. According to an ATF official, these suspicions are corroborated by the extreme amount of gunpowder residue found on Campos\u2019 hands. \u201cThey believe he killed Paddock, shot holes through the door and his own arm to produce physical evidence for his cover story, then went and lay next to the elevator,\u201d a senior ATF official doing ballistic work for the shooting told GotNews. The ATF contacted GotNews to notify them the story was inaccurate; the story was then updated with this disclaimer: The ATF has disputed GotNews\u2019 source, saying \u201cthe information in the article is incorrect,\u201d in the following article on a theory regarding the Las Vegas shooting. \u201cPlease know that the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department is the lead of the investigation of the shooting in Las Vegas and ATF is assisting. This is an ongoing investigation where we continue to work with our law enforcement partners,\u201d the ATF said. This article will continue to be updated with developments. If you have any tips, email editor@gotnews.com However, another disreputable web site, YourNewsWire.com, which regurgitated the GotNews story on 6 October 2017, did not include this crucial \u201cupdate\u201d to alert readers that the allegations in the story were disputed by the very agency cited. We followed up with the ATF to ask whether any of their employees had been in contact with GotNews. The agency responded: We do not believe that any ATF officials spoke to GotNews or mentioned to anyone that Mr. Campos was a second shooter. We sent Johnson a detailed list of questions about the GotNews story, but Johnson only responded asking that we \u201cplease print\u201d his claim to have a source with ATF. We found no evidence to support stories that report Campos acted in any other way than heroically. Campos has been hailed as a hero by the police department for not only locating Paddock\u2019s room, but braving a hail of gunfire in doing so. Police said Campos provided them with a door key to the suite and stayed to help them evacuate other guests until officers ordered him to seek medical aid for a gunshot wound to the leg (there are no reports that Campos had a wound to his arm, as GotNews claims). During a 4 October 2017 press conference, Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said: But his [Campos\u2019s] bravery was amazing because he remained with our officers, providing them the key pass to access the door, and actually continued to help them clear rooms until our officers demanded that he go seek medical attention. In another update on 6 October 2017, LVMPD Undersheriff Kevin McMahill reiterated that Campos\u2019s actions were nothing other than heroic: Most of you also now know the name of the Mandalay Bay security guard, who you\u2019ve all named in the media, and I\u2019ll just reaffirm to you that Jesus Campos is a true hero. I can tell you now just a little bit more that I know about what he did that particular day. We now know that he was dispatched to what they call a door alarm on the 32nd floor. He went up there to investigate the open door and as he was doing his job diligently, he came under fire by our suspect. As you know, he was struck in the leg. He turned around and retreated. He notified his dispatch, which was absolutely critical to us knowing the location, as well as advising the responding officers as they arrived on that 32nd floor. I can tell you that this was a remarkable effort by a brave and remarkable man. I want to say today that I don\u2019t think we\u2019ve done a good enough job recognizing him and his actions, and for that I apologize. I just want to take the moment and clear the record that he\u2019s an absolute hero. This is not the first time Johnson has framed an innocent person (a heroic one, no less) in the aftermath of a deadly incident. Dallas attorney Andrew Sommerman is representing in a pending defamation suit the family of Joel Vangheluwe, who Johnson wrongly identified as the driver of the Dodge Charger that ran down a group of counter-demonstrators at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia in mid-August. He said of Johnson: When one does not care about the facts or how it affects people, it damages lives and creates a further disaster than what was originally created. On 12 August 2017, GotNews \u201c retracted\u201d the article naming Vangheluwe as the driver of the car that rammed into the crowd, leaving 32-year-old Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer dead, allegedly because the police hadn\u2019t yet named a suspect. Why GotNews backtracked in that case to defer to police but not in the case of Campos is unclear but accuracy doesn\u2019t seem to have been the goal \u2014 as of 6 October 2017, the GotNews story still says \u201cpolice have not identified the suspect,\u201d even though James Alex Fields was not only publicly identified but also charged with the crime the day the story was published. Johnson, 28, has a long and dizzying history of scandal as a semi-successful Internet troll. He gained widespread notoriety when he attempted to out a woman who had anonymously written a disputed column about being raped on campus for Rolling Stone, but then identified the wrong woman. In 2015, he joined a short list of people banned by Twitter after a tweet asking supporters for funding to help \u201ctake out\u201d civil rights activist DeRay McKession. Johnson is also behind the crowdfunding web site WeSearchr, where he has raised funds for supporters of the neo-Nazi web site Daily Stormer and a movement of white supremacists who chartered (then abandoned) a ship in an effort to scuttle the efforts of aid organizations trying to rescue migrants making the deadly Mediterranean Sea crossing between North Africa and Europe. During a press briefing on 9 October 2017, Lombardo said investigators revised the shooting timeline, noting that Paddock shot Campos six minutes before he opened fire on the crowd. Lombardo acknowledged that Campos was shot at 9:59 p.m. Responding to AP reporter Ken Ritter\u2019s question, Lombardo said: Yes, the timeline associated with the original shot and Mr. Campos has changed. Through investigation, as I have conveyed to you from the very beginning, in your zest for information and my zest to ensure the public safety and the calming of their minds, is some things are going to change. Now they are minute changes, OK. There\u2019s not this all-encompassing answer associated with the information that we presented before, in other words it\u2019s not completely inaccurate, but what we have learned is Mr. Campos was encountered by the suspect prior to his [Paddock\u2019s] shooting to the outside world. Variations: On 12 October 2017, readers asked about a purported CNN item reporting the claim as news: Hello will you please tell me if the CNN report released today October 11th \u201cBreaking News \u2013 Police Arrest Mandalay Security Guard Jesus Compos As Second Shooter In Las Vegas Massacre\u201d is true or false? Thank you for your time A fake news web site posing as CNN published an article reiterating the debunked rumor on 11 October 2017: Breaking News \u2013 Police Arrest Mandalay Security Guard Jesus Compos As Second Shooter In Las Vegas Massacre CNN) Breaking News \u2013 Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Compos has been arrested accused of being an accomplice and second shooter in the Las Vegas massacre that claimed the lives of 59 people and injured more than 500. Jesus Campos had originally been praised for his apparent heroics on October 1st, as he supposedly rushed to Paddock\u2019s suite, was shot in the upper thigh through the door, and continued to help get people to safety despite his wounds. However, FBI officials involved in the investigation now believe he was an accomplice of Paddock\u2019s, and was involved in the initial shooting as a second gunman from the other broken window in Paddock\u2019s 32nd-floor room. The domain name (cnn-internationaledition.com) and use of CNN\u2019s logos successfully duped social media users into believing the story was legitimate and sharing it. Hosting records revealed that the site was registered on 10 October 2017, one day prior to the publication of the article. Additional registrar details indicated that the site was registered outside the United States by an individual, not CNN. 9 October 2017, 5:10 P.M.: Added additional information that Campos was shot sooner than initially thought by investigators. 12 October 2017, 5:35 P.M.: Added information about an iteration from cnn-internationaledition.com, a fake news web site posing as CNN. Snopes.com has long been engaged in the battle against misinformation, an effort we could not sustain without the support of our readers. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support us, click here.", "label": 0, "id": 568}
{"text": "A protest sign is tacked to a pole before a speaking engagement by Ben Shapiro on the campus of the University of California Berkeley in Berkeley, Calif., Thursday, Sept. 14, 2017. (AP Edelson) In an article focusing on free speech on the campus, The New York Times tells its readers that the UC Berkeley faculty is divided over whether or not the university should allow right-wing speakers to appear on campus. Their most recent concern was motivated by a \"Free Speech Week\" event that was being put together by provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos, who was invited by a small campus group called Berkeley Patriot. He was going to appear on the campus in February, but his scheduled speech was canceled after protesters prevented it from taking place. The upcoming event was scheduled to take place from September 24-27, but as Rick Moran reports in these pages, it was announced today that Berkeley Patriot canceled the event. Participants initially mentioned were Steve Bannon and Ann Coulter, but now it has become apparent that neither planned to attend. Listed speaker Charles Murray announced he would not participate in any event Milo had arranged \u201cbecause he is a despicable asshole.\u201d Murray\u2019s name, moreover, was listed without his knowledge or consent. All of these announced speakers regularly enrage leftist students and send them into conniptions. To confound issues even more, Milo Yiannopoulos announced he would appear and speak anyway at the famous Sproul Plaza, the site of the 1964 Free Speech Movement protest. Promising surprises, he now is asserting his right to free speech as a private citizen to speak on campus without any formal group sponsorship or invitation. Saying he would appear this Sunday at noon, there is certain to be a large police presence as well as a vast group of leftist protestors, most likely including Antifa groups. The highlight at the now suspended conference was to be the \"Mario Savio Award,\u201d given to the individual who in their eyes has most represented the idea of free speech. The name of the award is also meant to anger liberals. Mario Savio led the famous Berkeley protests in the 1960s. When the university moved in October of 1964 to prevent a protestor from speaking, students spontaneously surrounded the police car he had been put in. Savio gave an eloquent speech that made him famous from on top of the police car. Soon 30 or more students arrived. Then they took over Sproul Plaza, the administration building. Eventually, scores of police arrived and arrested those students who had taken over the building. Now Yiannopoulos is co-opting the once liberal and leftist cause of free speech as his own, and in effect positing that he and his associates are the ones acting in Savio\u2019s spirit. An organizer of the original '60s protests, playwright and author Barbara Garson, called Free Speech Week a \u201cgrotesque parody\u201d of the movement she helped lead. As of today \u2014 the 23rd \u2014 the event will not take place. Yet Milo's appearance \u2014 should he show up \u2014 has forced the university authorities to spend one million dollars arranging for security, since they fear the kind of violence that erupted in Charlottesville when Antifa appeared to contest the neo-Nazis and racists who planned a rally there. It\u2019s getting very expensive for conservatives to speak. Recently, Ben Shapiro spoke without incident and reported he had a fruitful exchange of opinion with liberal and leftist students, although security for his talk cost UC Berkeley $600,0.", "label": 1, "id": 220}
{"text": "U.S. President Donald Trump, left, shakes hands with James Comey in January 2017 | Pool photo by Andrew Images President Donald Trump said Wednesday that former FBI Director James Comey \u201clied and leaked\u201d information and ultimately protected Hillary Clinton, while also questioning the credibility of the FBI\u2019s probe into her email. Trump\u2019s early morning tweets come in the wake of news that the bureau\u2019s former director had drafted a statement exonerating Clinton before the investigation was over. \u201cWow, FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete. Many people not interviewed, including Clinton herself,\u201d Trump wrote on Twitter. \u201cComey stated under oath that he didn\u2019t do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?\u201d \u201cAs it has turned out, James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton. He was the best thing that ever happened to her!\u201d the president added later. Newsweek reported Monday on documents released by the FBI that included an email sent on May 2, 2016, by Comey to other FBI officials that included a file titled \u201cDrafts of Director Comeys July 5, 2016 Statement Regarding Email Server Investigation Part 01 of 01.\u201d Despite Comey having already drafted a statement on the investigation into Clinton\u2019s email practices while at the State Department, the probe would continue on for months. Clinton herself was not interviewed until July 2, 2016, three days before Comey held a press conference to announce that the FBI would not recommend filing charges against the former secretary of state. That Comey had drafted a statement exonerating Clinton with months to go before the completion of the investigation has raised concern among Republicans on Capitol Hill, including Senators Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), who wrote a letter to current FBI Director Christopher Wray noting that \u201cthe outcome of an investigation should not be prejudged while FBI agents are still hard at work trying to gather the facts.\u201d While the president has complained that Comey was too easy on Clinton, the former secretary of state has made no secret that she believes it was Comey\u2019s late October 2016, announcement that the bureau was examining potentially fresh evidence related to the email investigation that cost her the election. The evidence examined by the bureau came up fruitless, but Clinton has complained that the resurfacing of the scandal so close to Election Day reintroduced doubt into voters\u2019 minds. Trump, who reveled in the bureau\u2019s investigation into Clinton throughout the campaign, fired Comey last May, a move the White House initially said was based on Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein\u2019s assessment of Comey\u2019s handling of the Clinton investigation. Trump later conceded that he had already made his mind up to fire Comey before receiving Rosenstein\u2019s recommendation and that he had made the decision with the FBI\u2019s investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election weighing on his mind.", "label": 0, "id": 334}
{"text": "State Police say an investigation has revealed the information in the viral video not to be accurate. (Photo from ) ( ) -- The Michigan State Police out of Detroit took to Twitter reporting the claims of a viral video about human trafficking in a Metro Detroit suburb are not accurate. \"It was investigated by law enforcement and not a case of human trafficking. He was right about being vigilant but that\u2019s about it,\" said the State Police on Twitter. This is the Facebook post where Nick Ahmad claims human trafficking almost happened to his wife and others. The video has been viewed over 650,0 times and shared close to 30,0 times. After an investigation the Michigan State Police took to twitter saying the viral Facebook video is not accurate.", "label": 0, "id": 65}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton has made it official. The former secretary of state announced that she will be seeking the nomination for President of the United States on Sunday with a campaign video on her official website. The spot opens with various people talking about their hopes for 2015, ending with Clinton saying, \u201cI\u2019m getting ready to do something too. I\u2019m running for President.\u201d \u201cAmericans have fought their way back from tough economic times, but the deck is still stacked in favor of those at the top,\u201d she continues. \u201cEveryday Americans need a champion, and I want to be that champion. So you can do more than just get by, you can get ahead and stay ahead.\u201d Clinton\u2019s run for the presidency will hardly come as a surprise. The politician has long been hyped as the Democratic front-runner for the 2016 election. This marks Clinton\u2019s second time vying for the presidency. She first ran during the 2008 election, but lost the Democratic ticket to then-junior senator Barack Obama. Clinton later served on Obama\u2019s cabinet, working as the secretary of state from the start of his presidency in 2009 through Feb. 1, 2013. When Clinton, 67, left her position in 2013, political watchers took it as a sign that the former first lady was preparing for her own campaign in 2016. Her announcement makes her the first major candidate to seek out the Democratic nomination. On the Republican side, Senator Ted Cruz, from Texas, and Senator Rand Paul, from Kentucky, have already thrown their hats into the ring. Given Clinton\u2019s high profile (and the fact that her candidacy has been speculated about for years), she has become a major target for both other Democratic hopeful nominees and Republicans. The past few months haven\u2019t been without scandal. In March, she admitted to using a private email address while working as the secretary of state because it was \u201cconvenient.\u201d While the politician said that she was \u201callowed\u201d to use her personal email, critics took issue with the fact that it caused an issue for journalists requesting records through the Freedom of Information Act and Benghazi investigators who have subpoenaed Clinton. Watch These Children Freak Out as Bees Upstage President Obama More on Hillary Clinton: \u2022 Hillary Clinton Officially Joins the 2016 Presidential Race \u2022 Inside Hillary Clinton\u2019s Decision to Run: \u2018We Need to Break Down the Highest, Hardest Glass Ceiling\u2019 \u2022 Barack Obama Offers Advice to Hillary Clinton for Her 2016 Run \u2022 What Should We Call Bill If Hillary Wins? He Has Some Ideas", "label": 0, "id": 73}
{"text": "Politics share tweet tweet \u201cThey are so blinded by their victim narrative that they don\u2019t recognize that his very protest was actually an insult to the flag.\u201d Colin Kaepernick continues to be in the news, though recently it is largely for what he isn\u2019t doing. He was released from the San Francisco 49ers earlier this year, and he has yet to find work despite several tantalizing openings due to roster upheaval and injuries on other teams. This is because many NFL owners and fans did not like how he kneeled for the national anthem. They viewed it as a self-indulgent and disrespectful act that politicized what should have been a nonpolitical event. But, showing their continued march towards irrelevancy, left leaning commentators like Ryan Clark on ESPN\u2019s Mike and Mike show are now saying Kaepernick is a victim. Without a hint of irony, Clark said that Kaepernick was the \u201cflag bearer\u201d for blacks in America and the NFL. But in order to use that analogy, a person would have to actually respect the flag, and this in turn undermines the narrative that liberals and activists are peddling. The narrative from activists, race hucksters, and many politicians is that blacks are disproportionately targeted by cops and the judicial system. That they are victims of systemic poverty that leads to crime, and that the root causes and issues that are important to them are not being addressed. This narrative isn\u2019t wholly disconnected from reality, but it\u2019s twisted into an overtly political narrative that often undermines meaningful reform. Flag bearers are important in history because they often represent the focal point of command and control. The flag was usually close to the commander, and the flag moving forward on the battlefield could communicate an attack when it was too loud for words. It was an honorable tradition to carry the flag, and the enemy often aimed for the flag bearer, which made it the most dangerous spot on the battlefield. Raising the flag on Iwo Jima became one of America\u2019s most cherished memorials, and seeing the flag through a nightly bombardment supplied our national anthem. No compatible source was found for this video. The importance of the flag doesn\u2019t seem lost on Ryan Clarke and other analysts when they compare Kaepernick to a flag bearer. This makes their use of that analogy all the more tone deaf. They are so blinded by their victim narrative that they don\u2019t recognize that his very protest was actually an insult to the flag. It\u2019s tougher to find people more removed from the poor and supposedly discriminated members of inner cities than professional athletes. Acting macho and street tough is part of their persona, but it\u2019s just as authentic as professional wrestling. These athletes are part of the one percent, who make more money than most Americans and play in taxpayer subsidized stadiums while getting special treatment. I can\u2019t think of an individual more unsuited to lead the supposed civil rights crusade for blacks than a pampered 1% athlete. But with a black President, Secretary of State, and Supreme Court Justice, it\u2019s tough to argue that racism is worse now than in the past when athletes stood and honored the flag. If Ryan Clarke and other liberal sports analysts want to praise the act of kneeling for the anthem, they should avoid using analogies that underscore the importance of the flag.", "label": 1, "id": 170}
{"text": "Vegas gun shop posts 'pre-Hillary sale' advertisement pic.twitter. 2TSNm1lP \u2014 FOX &amp; Friends (@foxandfriends) October 17, 2016 Pence: Media 'Piling On' Trump with 'Unsubstantiated Claims' Giuliani: Trump Claims Seem 'Coincidental', 'WikiLeaks Info More Relevant' Fr. Morris: Hillary Aides 'Want to Line Up Catholic Church with Dem Platform' A Las Vegas gun store is offering a \"pre-Hillary sale,\" saying that gun prices will rise under a Hillary Clinton administration. In an advertisement over the weekend in the Las Vegas Review-Journal, Westside Armory said it was holding the sale on tactical rifles. \u201cDon\u2019t wait!\u201d the advertisement reads. \u201cPrices will skyrocket after Crooked Hillary gets in.\u201d The advertisement shows a picture of a Smith &amp; Wesson M&amp;P Sport II, a semiautomatic tactical rifle, which the store is selling for $699.99. Let us know what you think in the comments. FAIR AND BALANCED. Don't miss the final presidential debate, moderated by Fox News' Chris Wallace, on Wednesday, October 19th at 9:00pm ET on Fox News Channel! LOOK: Car Split Completely in Half After NY DUI Collision Pirro: If Hillary Picks Justices, 'No One Will Give a Damn About Trump Claims' Democrat Caught on Tape: 'Might Be Executive Orders' from Clinton on Gun Control", "label": 0, "id": 215}
{"text": "It seems that Corey Feldman was telling the truth about those 1993 tapes on which he named names of alleged sexual predators in Hollywood. In October, the former child actor claimed that he once told the Santa Barbara County Sheriff\u2019s Office about all of the alleged sexual predators in Hollywood during an interview related to the investigation of molestation accusations against Michael Jackson. The Sheriff\u2019s Office previously said it didn\u2019t have the records Feldman had referred to. On Wednesday, Fox News reported that it received confirmation from the Santa Barbara County sheriff that they did in fact have the tapes that Feldman was referring to. The publication received confirmation in an emailed statement: \u201cFollowing the recent inquiries into the Sheriff\u2019s Office interview of Mr. Feldman in 1993, the Santa Barbara County Sheriff\u2019s Office conducted an additional review for any stored items remaining from the Michael Jackson investigation. In a container which included the original reports from the investigation, the Sheriff\u2019s Office located some detective working copies of audio recordings made during the investigation. A copy of Mr. Feldman\u2019s interview was located. The recording is being turned over to the Los Angeles Police Department. Due to the fact that this case involves the alleged sexual abuse of a child, we are unable to comment further and any documentation or evidence related to this case is exempt from release\u201d Feldman appeared on \u201cToday\u201d in October and told \u2014 ironically enough \u2014 Matt Lauer that he was crowd-sourcing $10 million for a documentary he claims will expose the truth about sex abuse in Hollywood. \u201cI\u2019ve told the police \u2026 They\u2019re on record. They have all of this information. But they were scanning Michael Jackson. All they cared about was trying to find something on Michael Jackson. Michael was innocent \u2026 I told them, \u2018He was not that guy,'\u201d Feldman said at the time. Trending headlines DOWNLOAD OUR FREE NEWS APP \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 447}
{"text": "SEATTLE - Seattle police say they arrested three men as hundreds of demonstrators and counter-protesters converged downtown Seattle one day after violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia. The rally organized by the conservative pro-Trump group known as Patriot Prayer \u2014 and a counter protest aimed at standing against hate \u2014 were planned for Sunday. A barricade separated the groups of protesters in downtown Seattle. Police officers stood by dressed in black, riot gear. Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers. Those arrested were a 40-year-old man for obstruction, a 37-year-old man for assault and a 25-year old-man for assault. \"Solidarity met by hate\" protesters It all began peacefully enough as hundreds of activists stepped off from Denny Park just before 2 p.m. Sunday afternoon. Counter protesters included members of the Veterans for Peace, Socialist Party, Washington Federation of State Workers and other groups. Counter-protesters marched from Denny Park through downtown Seattle to Westlake Park, but many of those protesters were prevented from reaching the \u201cfreedom rally.\u201d But some counter-protesters did make it. During the rally, some of the demonstrators began trying to run past Seattle police. When that didn't work, they tried taunting the officers with silly string. As the crowd surged toward police, they were doused with pepper spray. Council member Mike O'Brien expressed frustration over the crowd being kept away from Westlake Park. \"Why weren't the demonstrators not allowed to get to Westlake Park?\" O'Brien said. \"I don't know what the call was. I'm not in a position to second guess that at the moment.\" He added he would like to find out why police prohibited the crowd from reaching Westlake Park. Many marchers said they were there to simply take a stand, especially after what happened in Charlottesville. \"They are missing out on the love that exists here on the other side,\" said Rev. Priscilla Paris Austin, pastor of Immanuel Lutheran Church in South Lake Union. \"If they can push themselves through to see past their fear, they can find the love that exists here for them as well.\" 'Patriot Prayer' demonstrators The pro-Trump group \"Patriot Prayer\" gathered for a rally in Westlake Park that it billed as in support of freedom and free speech. On its Facebook page, the Patriot Prayer groups posted: \u201cSeattle is running our state with a pedophile as a mayor. The West Coast has slowly been infected with communist ideologies throughout our entire culture. It is a belief that the individual is weak and that we are all victims. This is the lie of the century. No matter who you are, we are all amazing people with the ability to do anything that we put our minds to. These liberal strongholds run off of hatred and negativity. Patriot Prayer will bring in a positive message to Seattle that the people are starving for.\u201d Patriot Prayer\u2019s first speaker stated a message from the organizers; that the incident in Charlottesville was an act of terrorism and should be denounced, and that white supremacists were not welcome at their event. He called for peace and love and said anyone who attended for racist reasons should leave. He then said that Seattle and America\u2019s values are inclusive values. His message was met by boos by some in the crowd. Time-stamped updates as events happened Sunday The latest on the \"Freedom Rally\" put on by 'The Patriot Prayer', a conservative group, and the \"Solidarity Against Hate\" counter-protest in Seattle. All times local. Click here to see photos of today's rally and counter-protest. [4:57] The scheduled event at Westlake Park has concluded. Police will remain in the area for the time being. \u2014 Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) August 13, 2017 [4:45] Seattle Police have made an arrest at 5th and Pine. Police have made an arrest at 5th and Pine. More details to follow. \u2014 Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) August 13, 2017 [3:54] An update from the Seattle Police Department: Police continue to maintain a presence at a separate event at Westlake Park. \u2014 Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) August 13, 2017 [3:47] Demonstrators are marching back to Denny Park, according to the Seattle Police Department. Demonstrators are marching back to Denny Park. Some in the crowd are throwing items at the officers who are providing traffic control. \u2014 Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) August 13, 2017 [3:03] The Seattle Police Department has issued a Dispersal Order at 2nd and Pine. Police also have confiscated weapons, and have made arrests. The number of arrests is unknown at this point. Dispersal order issued at 2 &amp; Pine. Please the area. Police confiscated these weapons &amp; have made arrests. pic.twitter. 1tQ \u2014 Seattle Police Dept. (@SeattlePD) August 13, 2017 [2:00] The \"Solidarity against hate group has marched from Denny Park to Westlake Park where the conservative \"Freedom Rally\" group is located. [1:00] One of two groups that planned to march in downtown Seattle Sunday has said the group will not march, but gather in light of the violence that erupted at a Charlottesville, Va., rally Saturday. The Patriot Prayer, a conservative, pro-Trump group, will gather at 2 p.m. at Westlake Park. Opponents, which include members of the Veterans for Peace, Socialist Party, Washington Federation of State Workers and other groups, had planned to march after the Patriot Prayer group originally announced it would march in Seattle on August 13. They will gather at Denny Park at 1 p.m. The Patriot Prayer group had touted the event as a \u201cFreedom Rally\u201d; opponents of their messaging say the group is homophobic, racist and bigoted. The group has been criticized for inciting violence at recent gatherings in Portland and Vancouver, B.C. The Columbian newspaper recently did a profile on the group's lead, Joey Gibson. \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 446}
{"text": "Share the knowledge! The DNC has gone beyond the pale this year in using an anchor baby Karla Ortiz, her illegal mother and a second illegal immigrant, Astrid Silva, to promote illegal immigration at their convention this year. The child puppet of the Clinton machine was brought on stage to share that she is afraid that her mommy and daddy would be \u201cforced to leave\u201d. The crowd went wild, cheering for this law-breaking family and for the wanton use of a child to promote their open border agenda. Breaking the law, as we have seen with Hillary, is no big deal, and therefore breaking into this country is also of no consequence to Democrats. In fact, one can almost hear Hillary say, \u201cWhat difference does it make? Let them all stay, as long as they vote for me.\u201d Read the remarks swirling on Twitter regarding Karla Ortiz and her illegal immigrant parents on the next page. Next Page \u00bb Hillary has no shame and will use whomever she pleases to make it to the White House. Yeah\u2026great job breaking the law. Everyone is super proud of your family. In today\u2019s Democrat Party, rules and laws mean absolutely nothing if they hurt your feelings. It doesn\u2019t get anymore clear than this. Immigrants are obviously great for this country in many ways. But that\u2019s not the conversation the left wants to have. They want to demonize anyone who thinks we should be able to control who comes in and malign anyone who believes that immigrants should come here legally the right way. It\u2019s pathetic to watch them cloud the issue like this. Here are some of the responses that started pouring in instantly from the left. I am the daughter of an immigrant &amp; a daughter of the American Revolution. Our nation\u2019s diversity is our greatest strength #DemsInPhilly This girl\u2019s speech about the fear of deportation brought people to to tears #DemsInPhilly 5xcNQjM via @fusion \u2014 Mike de la Rocha (@mrmikedelarocha) July 26, 2016 #KarlaOrtiz Beautiful speech I literally cried. #inspiring#weareallamericans#america \u2014 Francisco Aguilar (@francoj559) July 26, 2016 Mother-daughter duo who could be separated by deportation try to humanize immigration issues at DNC 8o \u2014 Annelize Bester (@AnnelizeBester) July 26, 2016 28-year-old illegal immigrant, Astrid Silva, blasted Donald Trump in her speech at the DNC for his promise to \u201cseparate families\u201d: \u201cWhen I was four years old, my mother and I climbed into a raft and we crossed a river to join my dad in America for a better life,\u201d Astrid Silva, who hails from Mexico, said in remarks delivered to the 4,0-plus Democratic delegation. Silva was the first illegal immigrant to deliver a major speech at either party\u2019s nominating conventions. \u201cMy family and I are here because of people like Sen. Harry Reid,\u201d she said, highlighting the Senate minority leader\u2019s defense of DREAMers, or young adults who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. \u201cWhen Donald Trump talked about deporting 11 million people, he\u2019s talking about separating families like mine,\u201d Silver said. \u201cHillary Clinton understands that this is not who we are as a country.\u201d \u201cI know she will fight to keep our families together. I know she will,\u201d Silver said of the former secretary of state. Ahead of her convention speech, Silver told Fusion she hoped the invitation to speak demonstrated \u201cthe stark contrast\u201d between the Democratic National Convention and the Republicans\u2019 four-day gathering in Cleveland last week, \u201cwhere undocumented people [were] being called horrible names.\u201d Forget law and order and rational thought, let\u2019s just let our feelings do the voting and put the Queen of Law Breaking in the White House. If Trump doesn\u2019t make it into the White House America as we have known and loved her will cease to exist. ?v=i8IfRNwyfaM", "label": 1, "id": 606}
{"text": "A wave of liberal rage has marked the last 11 months since the rise and subsequent election of President Donald Trump. Antifa protestors clad in black masks shut down college campuses, destroy property and indiscriminately attack those they disagree with, whether women or the elderly. Meanwhile, CNN fires Kathy Griffin for taking photos with a bloody replica of the president\u2019s decapitated head. Amid this backdrop, The Huffington Post publishes an article calling for the execution of Trump and \u201ceveryone assisting his agenda.\u201d Then, shots ring out as a man gorged on media hysteria attempts to slaughter Republican congressmen while they practice for a charity baseball game. The aggression since Trump\u2019s nomination is difficult to enumerate, but nevertheless, The Daily Caller News Foundation pored over media reports to compile a close but non-exhaustive list of violent acts against conservatives in months following the Republican National Convention. No compatible source was found for this video. In creating the list, The DCNF reviewed numerous articles detailing attacks and violent threats against conservatives and Trump supporters. While there are examples of anonymous threats, The DCNF chose to include only those that resulted in the cancelling of events and two to members of Congress deemed credible. Some instances of violence between rival protestors were not included as it was difficult to ascertain who initiated the event. To see the list of attacks visit The Daily Caller. By now, you already know that Republican lawmakers were the target of a brutal and unjustifiable shooting in Virginia. House majority whip Steve Scalise was shot several times and has been hospitalized. He appears to be in critical but stable condition. Several other Republican lawmakers witnessed the carnage. The shooter, \u201csocialist democrat\u201d James Hodgkinson, wasn\u2019t so lucky, succumbing to wounds received in a shootout with police officers. This shooting is a harsh reminder of the growing vitriol in American politics where violence between liberal and conservative hard-liners is only becoming more common, with both sides committing inexcusable violence. The shooting occurred during an early morning baseball practice. The shooter, Hodgkinson, appears to have been an ardent Bernie Sanders supporter and opposed President Trump. His choice of targets was almost certainly not random and was likely premeditated. Hodgkinson is from Illinois but has been staying in the DC area for at least six weeks. Besides Scalise, two police officers were wounded during the shooting. Senator Paul Rand, who witness the event, has hailed the police officers and credited them for preventing a far worse tragedy. The police officers present were there to guard Scalise. Hodgkinson already had a track record with the police before the shooting. He had previously been charged with assault and battery for punching a woman in the face with a closed fist. He also confronted that woman\u2019s boyfriend with a shotgun, reportedly firing one shot in the air. Apparently, he also physically abused his daughter, and police were called when he started shooting several pine trees on his property. Neighbors were worried that bullets would strike nearby homes. Hodgkinson also claimed to be a \u201cdemocratic socialist\u201d on his social media profiles. Writing to the Belleville News-Democrat, he stated, \u201cI don\u2019t ever again want to hear how great a president [Ronald Reagan] was. All he did was give tax breaks to the rich and put the rest of the country (or at least 13.1 percent) out of work.\u201d He added, \u201cTo think the Republican Party can call this man their idol is un-American. It\u2019s all about the money.\u201d To read rest of article visit OpsLens.", "label": 1, "id": 276}
{"text": "President Donald Trump forecasted that Bernie Sanders would run against him in 2020 \u201ceven if he\u2019s in a wheelchair,\u201d and mocked the Vermont senator by imitating a scrunched-up body. Trump expressed that opinion over the summer when he invited four Democratic lawmakers to the White House, and also asked, \u201cWho is going to run against me in 2020? Crooked Hillary? Pocahontas?\u201d the New York Times reported on Saturday. At 70 years old, Trump was the oldest president to be inaugurated in the U.S. Trump, now 71, is nearly five years younger than Sanders, who would turn 79 in 2020. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) speaks during a rally against President Donald Trump's travel ban outside the Supreme Court in Washington, DC, U.S. January 30, 2017. P. Bernstein Reuters But Sanders\u2019s wife Jane in June said that the senator was actively advocating for policies benefiting the working class and that his age wasn\u2019t a factor. \u201cAgeism is the last \u2018ism\u2019 that seems to be acceptable to people, and I never felt that it was whether somebody was too young or too old,\u201d she told the New York Times. \u201cYou win some. You lose some. And you keep on going and maybe you can win the next one.\u201d Bernie Sanders, who lost the Democratic nomination to Hillary Clinton last year, has started addressing some of his political shortcomings including his lack of foreign policy connections, a sign he may be gearing up for a 2020 bid, POLITICO reported late last month. Other Democrats that Trump called out over the summer have not indicated they will make a bid for the presidency. After Trump in October tweeted he hopes Clinton will run against him, Clinton told BBC Radio 4, \u201cNo, I\u2019m not going to run again,\u201d but that she would continue to speak out against Trump. Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, who Trump refers to as \u201cPocahontas\u201d because she claims to have a Native American background, is considered a top Democratic contender. In August, she brushed off the idea, saying, \u201cI'm doing my job every single day. I am not running for president, I'm doing my work.\" Meanwhile, some Republicans recently have cast doubt over whether Trump will seek reelection\u2014even though he is raising millions of dollars for a campaign. New Jersey Governor Chris Christie in October told the Today show that if Trump runs again, \u201cI would support him, yes, but I'm not so sure what will happen.\" Shortly after, Senator Rand Paul said Republicans \"need to know (if) President Trump (is) running for re-election,\u201d and, \u201cI think you won't know that until you get into sort of second, third year of his presidency.\" Trump\u2019s approval rating has remained very low as a probe into whether he and his campaign colluded with Russians in the 2016 election widens. More from Newsweek", "label": 0, "id": 502}
{"text": "Photo by MaryHelen Avalos The Sons of the American Legion recently retired a torn and tattered American flag and presenting a new one to Adrea Ricke, Globe Public Library Manager. From left to right: A.J. Sprague, Sons of the American Legion Adjutant and Finance Officer; Margaret Smith, American Legion Adjutant; Jesse Horta, member; Su Samra; Adrea Ricke, Library Manager and Hector Samra, Legion member.", "label": 0, "id": 534}
{"text": "Usually, the person with the most information makes better decisions. But when you rely on info that\u2019s wrong, chances increase that your decisions are wrong. So it is with Florida\u2019s solar power ballot Amendment 1. Opponents are funneling misinformation into the discussion. The truth is that by voting for Amendment 1, Florida voters have a historic opportunity to advance solar power in the Sunshine State, at the same time ensuring that energy consumers are treated fairly; this includes those who choose solar and those who do not. What does the amendment do? It constitutionally guarantees individuals and businesses the right to buy or lease solar equipment to produce their own energy; this means consumers will always have the right to generate their own solar electricity, and politicians cannot tamper with that right. Contrary to what opponents say, solar customers can still sell any excess electricity they generate back into the electric grid. More importantly, it protects Florida consumers from scams, rip-offs, overcharging and unfair subsidies. It treats all electricity consumers fairly. Because it is renewable energy, a tax break is provided. This is because renewable solar energy aids in protecting the environment. If you choose not to install solar, you won\u2019t be required to subsidize the costs of electric grid access and back-up power to those who do. Another good point made by Florida TaxWatch is that, for Floridians who want the right to provide their own energy needs, \u201cthis amendment raises that right to Constitutional status, which strengthens that right, as it cannot be changed by state or local governments without going back to the voters.\u201d Something else you should know, since we are seeing political leftists like the League of Women Voters dishing out misinformation to welcoming publishers like The Palm Beach Post (which editorially calls Amendment 1 a \u201cfraud\u201d), is that this ballot initiative is being supported by a wide list of groups other than utility companies. These include bipartisan coalitions of business, civic, non-profit and faith-based organizations working to promote solar energy without sacrificing common sense consumer protection. Many of those opposing Amendment 1 are companies that don\u2019t want you to buy your own solar panels to generate your own electricity because they want you to buy solar electricity from them. Their business model is to lock consumers into 20-year contracts to put their solar equipment on your roof and sell you the electricity from it. And here\u2019s the awful catch: The current published price for one of the leading companies, Solar City, is nearly 50% higher than what average Floridians pay for electricity today, plus its contract includes an automatic 2.9% cost increase\u2014double what Floridians normally face. Something else these opponents fail to divulge is that they want a subsidy to operate their business model in Florida, a \u201cstand-by charge\u201d uniformly applied to every electric customer to ensure their model makes economic sense\u2014for them. I do not believe that\u2019s good for Floridians. Amendment 1 protects consumers from this type of subsidy. The Amendment does not block ownership of solar, it does not make solar more expensive, and it certainly does not discourage people from installing solar on their homes. These are outright lies to pull the wool over your eyes. Florida deserves a holistic approach to solar. Thankfully, Amendment 1 will provide a constitutional framework for solar in the Sunshine State, which will keep politicians and special interest groups from tampering with it.", "label": 0, "id": 582}
{"text": "Rose McGowan, one of 28 actresses and film industry figures who has accused Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct, blasted colleagues Ben Affleck and Matt Damon for allegedly remaining silent about the charges for years. Then the Twitter police stepped in. We'll get there. Affleck and Damon were accused of helping kill a 2004 New York Times story about Weinstein's inappropriate sexual behavior. McGowan called Damon a \u201cspineless profiteer\u201d: Hey @mattdamon what\u2019s it like to be a spineless profiteer who stays silent? pic.twitter. 0OrRrpqJ She was a tad bit more concise with this blast at Affleck: Ben Affleck fuck off This tweet from Affleck really set her off: To which she responded: @benaffleck \u201cGODDAMNIT! I TOLD HIM TO STOP DOING THAT\u201d you said that to my face. The press conf I was made to go to after assault. You lie. OK, now that you understand the flavor of the whole thing, enter, the Twitter police. McGowan announced on Wednesday via Instagram that the Twitter powers that be had suspended her account for 12 hours \u2014 with the countdown to begin after she deleted the \u201ctweets that violate our rules\u201d: No word what those \u201crules\u201d are, given Twitter is littered with F-bombs and worse on a daily basis, not to mention brutal ad hominem attacks against anyone and everyone. In 1997, then-23-year-old McGowan reportedly reached a $100,0 settlement with Weinstein over what The New York Times described as \u201can episode in a hotel room during the Sundance Film Festival,\u201d Business Insider reported. Oddly, ten years later, McGowan and Weinstein were all smiles as they arrived, arm-in-arm, at the Los Angeles premiere of the film \u201cGrindhouse'\u201d in March 2007: TMZ originally reported that the producer would be getting help in Wickenburg, Arizona. But Thursday morning, it reported that Weinstein is now in the Scottsdale, Arizona, area at a rehabilitation center for treatment of \u201cbehavioral issues,\u201d including sexual addiction. As is often the case, (see: \u201cAnthony Weiner,\u201d et al.) Weinstein's apologies and subsequent claims of desiring help come only after decades of alleged inappropriate sexual behavior, including alleged rape, after finally being outed.", "label": 0, "id": 241}
{"text": "On 15 October 2015 we published an article with the headline \u201cChildren forced to cook and clean for migrants\u201d. Correction The article was inaccurate in that it claimed that the German children in question had been forced to carry out work for migrants. The Kiel Ministry of Education confirmed that the school had come up with the idea because some migrant children sat in the class. It said that the students themselves thought of the project.", "label": 0, "id": 425}
{"text": "CreditIsaac Brekken for The New York Times That black adolescents receive harsher disciplinary punishments at school than their white peers for the same offenses is troubling enough. But federal data showing that even at the preschool level black students are nearly four times as likely to be suspended as their white peers is especially shocking. What it suggests is that racial biases are creeping into classrooms filled with 4-year-olds and that schools are effectively criminalizing black children, particularly boys, when they are barely out of diapers. Two years ago, federal civil rights officials issued guidance calling on school districts to train their teachers to overcome this problem and showing districts how to recognize and avoid discriminatory practices. But researchers are just beginning to understand the psychological mechanisms that lead teachers who see themselves as loving, supportive figures to discriminate against minorities. Chief among these mechanisms, according to a new reportfrom Yale University\u2019s Child Study Center, are racial preconceptions that shape the way the teachers view black boys in particular. These preconceptions were found to exist in black as well as white preschool teachers. In the study, the Yale researchers showed teachers a dozen brief video clips of four well-behaved preschool-aged children, two boys, one black and one white, and two girls, one black and one white, working and playing together in a classroom. Though the children were behaving calmly, the teachers were asked to look for signs of behavior that might become problematic. A computer program that tracked the eyes of the teachers as they watched the video showed that both black and white teachers watched the black children, especially the boys, longer when looking for signs of trouble. And when the researchers asked teachers which child had commanded the most attention, 42 percent of them chose the black boy, 34 percent the white boy, 13 percent the white girl and 10 percent the black girl. In other words, the black boy in this study received far more scrutiny from teachers than his behavior warranted. This brings to mind the \u201cdriving while black\u201d phenomenon, in which police officers stop African-American motorists without cause, or stop-and-frisk practices that predominantly single out blacks. The Yale study is consistent with previous research suggesting that teachers tend to see \u201cacting out\u201d by black children as more threatening than similar behavior in white children, and thus deserving of disproportionately harsher punishments. This is counterproductive on a number of counts, but what\u2019s really at stake here is the future of these children, whose early disciplinary problems put them at greater risk later on of falling behind, dropping out and eventually getting caught up in the juvenile justice system.", "label": 0, "id": 356}
{"text": "Disney\u2019s Hollywood Studios is quite often looked at as a \u2018half-day park.\u2019 People believe that it doesn\u2019t have much to offer in the form of attractions and entertainment, and so they only spend a few hours in the park dedicated to celebrating film and stage classics. While Hollywood Studios is undergoing a significant amount of changes as they begin to construct both Star Wars Land and Toy Story Land, this doesn\u2019t mean that the park doesn\u2019t have much to offer. Here are four reasons why we keep going back to Disney\u2019s Hollywood Studios: 4. Excellent restaurants One of the things I love most about Disney\u2019s Hollywood Studios is the table service restaurants because they are so wonderfully themed. From elegant and classy to old-fashioned and heart-warming, these restaurants do a great job of serving you high quality food with high quality service. I love the old Hollywood vibe and decadent menu at the Hollywood Brown Derby, especially for a special night out. I also love the Sci-Fi Dine In Theater, with its unique theming and restaurant setup and classic American menu. The 50\u2019s Prime Time Caf\u00e9 is another great option if you want a fun dining experience, and you\u2019re even allowed to watch TV during dinner. 3. Star Wars If you\u2019re a fan of the classic franchise, then you are definitely going to keep going to Hollywood Studios. Though Star Wars Land isn\u2019t set to open for another few years, there is still an abundance of Star Wars to go around in the meantime. Guests can ride Star Tours: The Adventure Continues and come face to face with some of the most beloved, and feared, characters of the franchise. They have even updated the ride to include characters from Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Fans of Star Wars can also head to the Star Wars Launch Bay located in the animation courtyard. Inside, they will have the chance to browse through Star Wars merchandise and meet Chewbacca and Kylo Ren. 2. Entertainment Disney\u2019s Hollywood Studios does have quite a fun mix of entertainment, though many people choose to skip right over most of it. One of the park\u2019s most spectacular forms of entertainment is Beauty and the Beast\u2014Live On Stage. If you are a fan of the movie and a fan of musicals, this Broadway style show will have you singing and bopping along to the movie\u2019s most inspiring songs. Another big attraction in the park that I, personally, would consider a form of entertainment is the Frozen sing-a-long in the theatre that once housed the American Idol Experience. Two Arendelle historians, who bring the house down every time I see it, bring this fun and enchanting retelling of the story to life. Plus, who doesn\u2019t love to belt out \u2018Let It Go\u2019? And we can\u2019t forget about the nighttime show, Fantasmic! Step inside Mickey Mouse\u2019s imagination and see just how powerful your dreams can be, complete with plenty of appearances from your favorite Disney characters. The park has also recently introduced a new holiday nighttime spectacular titled Jingle Bell, Jingle BAM! With plenty of special effects, projections and fireworks, it\u2019s sure to become a family favorite. 1. Rides For a park so small, Hollywood Studios has a killer lineup of attractions that is only going to get better as it continues to get expanded. People come from all over the world just to experience the Tower of Terror, which is a classic ride that has been helping guests \u2018drop in\u2019 since 1994. Hollywood Studios is also home to one of the few classic roller coasters Disney has\u2014Rock \u2018N\u2019 Roller Coaster. With high speeds, twists, turns and funky music, this attraction is a must-do during your time in the park. One of the more recent additions to the park, and my personal favorite, is Toy Story Midway Mania, which lets you battle your friends and family in five carnival-inspired games inspired by different Toy Story characters. And, of course, we can\u2019t forget about The Great Movie Ride, which is a must-do for any film fans visiting the park. You get to step inside some of the most iconic movie scenes in film history, and you even get to be part of the show as well. These are only a few of the attractions available to you, but it proves that there are many things that will keep you coming back. Though many people will try to argue that Disney\u2019s Hollywood Studios isn\u2019t a park worth spending an entire day at, there are many reasons why they\u2019re wrong. With a variety of restaurants, entertainment and attractions, there are plenty of things to do that will keep you and your family entertained all day long. Be sure to check out all that Hollywood Studios has to offer during your next trip. BONUS TIP: Consider planning and booking your next Disney trip with an Authorized Disney Vacation Planner you can trust like MickeyTravels. They\u2019ll help you get the best Walt Disney World deal, share expert advice and their services are totally FREE! It\u2019s genius!", "label": 1, "id": 192}
{"text": "Emails leaked from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta\u2019s private email account Friday by WikiLeaks addressed using executive privilege to keep the emails between Hillary Clinton and President Obama from being released, a 2008 survey testing reaction to then-Sen. Obama\u2019s Muslim father and use of cocaine, and a suggestion from former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm on how to take Clinton out of the \u201cbubble.\u201d March 2015: Podesta wrote to Cheryl Mills about withholding emails between Clinton and Obama Six days before Hillary Clinton spoke to reporters at the United Nations about her private email server, Podesta wrote to Cheryl Mills, \u201cThink we should hold emails to and from potus? That\u2019s the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I seems like they will.\u201d In September, Politico reported that the State Department would not release emails exchanged between Clinton and Obama to the public, citing the \u201cpresidential communications privilege,\u201d which is another name for the executive privilege. Claiming the privilege enables the president to withhold certain information that has been requested by other branches of government or by the public. This means that the emails the two wrote to each other won\u2019t be released until 5 to 12 years after the end of the Obama administration, as dictated by the Presidential Records Act. January 2008: Clinton pollster proposed message testing lines on Obama--including reference to his Muslim father, past cocaine use An email referring to \u201cMcCain Survey-3\u201d from Greenberg research listed a number of survey questions with \u201cnegative facts\u201d about Clinton\u2019s primary opponent, then-Sen. Obama. Kristi Fuksa, of Greenberg Research, sent the email to Democratic operatives including Podesta, Paul Begala, Tara McGuinness and Susan McCue The statements floated included subjects like his upbringing among Muslims, his father\u2019s Muslim faith, his referring to past cocaine use as \u201ca little blow\u201d -- here\u2019s the survey: * 1 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) was the only candidate at a recent event not to cover his heart during the national anthem and he has stopped wearing an American flag pin. * 2 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) benefited from a land deal from a contributor who has been indicted for corruption. * 3 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) would personally negotiate with the leaders of terrorist nations like Iran and North Korea without preconditions. * 4 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) voted against allowing people to use handguns to defend themselves against intruders. * 5 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) plans to raise taxes by 180 (one hundred and eighty) billion dollars a year to pay for his government-run health care plan * 6 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) voted repeatedly against emergency funding bills for U.S. troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. * 7 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh)\u2018s father was a Muslim and Obama grew up among Muslims in the world\u2019s most populous Islamic country. * 8 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) is ranked as one of the ten most liberal members of the Senate because of his support of issues like gay adoption. * 9 (Other) * 10 (All) * 11 (None) * 12 (Don\u2019t ) * 13 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) voted against requiring medical care for aborted fetuses who survive the procedure. * 14 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) supports giving driver\u2019s licenses to undocumented immigrants * 15 Obama (owe-BAHM-uh) described his former use of cocaine as using \u201ca little blow.\u201d Begala told the Washington Post that the survey was named for John McCain because \u201cit was designed to test attacks that might come in the general election.\u201d He also pointed out that \u201cevery campaign and every PAC tests potential negatives against the candidate they support.that\u2019s all it was.\u201d July 2015: Jennifer Granholm\u2019s suggestion on how to get Clinton out of the \u201cbubble\u201d The former Michigan governor suggested Clinton could dispense with the idea that she\u2019s \u201cout of touch\u201d by doing \u201cwork days,\u201d in which she\u2019d pick \u201c8 occupations that she is willing to spend one day working at. She humbles herself, but gives dignity to the workers whose salaries she wants to raise.\u201d Some of Granholm\u2019s suggestions included working as a janitor in a school cafeteria, at a daycare center, making beds in a hotel, bussing tables at Denny\u2019s or working \u201cbehind the counter at McDonalds or Chipotle\u2019s!\u201d CBS News\u2019 Steve Chaggaris and Donald Judd contributed to this report \u00a9 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 301}
{"text": "President Trump took a shot at Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Monday, describing him as \"beleaguered\" in a tweet about the Russia investigation. \"After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found, Chuck Schumer just stated that \"Democrats should blame ourselves,not Russia,\" Trump tweeted. \"So why aren't the Committees and investigators, and of course our beleaguered A.G., looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp; Russia relations?\" read his follow-up tweet. Trump disclosed in a New York Times interview on Wednesday that he would not have hired Sessions if he had known that Sessions would recuse himself from the Russia probe. \"Should have never recused himself and if he was going to recuse himself he should have told me before he took the job and I would have picked somebody else,\" Trump said. The president's comments prompted speculation that Sessions would resign from his post. However, a day after the interview was published, Sessions said he plans on continuing in the role. \"I\u2019m totally confident that we can continue to run this office in an effective way,\" Sessions said.", "label": 0, "id": 514}
{"text": "Upon hearing about the establishment of the award in his honor, Muhammad Ali said, \u201cI know there will be a great tradition of champions to receive this award in the future.\" He would be proud to know of all that Colin Kaepernick is doing to help change the world and fight systemic racism. I have never been prouder to be an American. That might seem like a strange confession in these dark times, when there is so much divisiveness in the country. Every day we are faced with cringe-worthy behavior by our country\u2019s leaders: sexual harassment, enabling hate groups by publicly echoing their messages, the enactment of policies that curtail the constitutionally guaranteed civil rights of the nonrich. We who love our country are often left embarrassed, enraged and exhausted. It\u2019s as if some jokester slapped a going out of business sign on our country\u2019s back and scribbled underneath: everything (we stand for) must go. Then why am I so proud of America? Because, to paraphrase what Thomas Paine famously said during the Revolutionary War, these are the times that try Americans\u2019 souls. It is during tumultuous times like these\u2014times when we are challenged to defend our most sacred beliefs with more than trite slogans on caps\u2014that real heroes rise up to face that challenge. Among these heroes are the athletes who recognize that they have a responsibility not just to defend a goal or a hoop, but also to defend American values and ideals. There are certain iconic images that will forever live in our social collective unconscious of activist athletes who risked their lives, not to mention their careers, to uphold their principles and commitment to their country: Jesse Owens receiving his gold medal in the 1936 Berlin Olympics while a German runner-up beside him gave the Nazi salute. John Carlos and Tommie Smith raising their black-gloved fists when receiving their medals at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics to protest injustice and poverty in the African-American community. In 1996, Nuggets guard Mahmoud Abdul-Rauf bowing his head in prayer during the national anthem as a protest against racism. In 2014, LeBron James and other NBA players wearing i can\u2019t breathe shirts to protest Eric Garner\u2019s death at the hands of police. These heroes remind us what true patriotism is: people caring more about protecting the principles of the Constitution than about their own careers, fame, money or even lives. Colin Kaepernick, the recipient of this year\u2019s Sports Illustrated Muhammad Ali Legacy Award, is one such hero. What makes Colin so deserving of this award is that he fully embraced all of those risks in order to remind Americans about systemic racism. This is exactly what Muhammad Ali did when, at the height of his boxing career, he refused to be drafted during the Vietnam War. Ali knew that he was not at risk of being sent into combat and could have served as a celebrity soldier. But he insisted on standing up for his principles, even though it cost him millions of dollars and resulted in death threats, harsh attacks from the press and public, the loss of his title and the possibility of prison. Since Colin first declined to stand for the national anthem on Aug. 14, 2016, to call attention to the astounding number of unarmed African-Americans killed by police, the citizens have responded with both praise and condemnation, just as they always have whenever anyone exercises their right to free speech on a contentious topic. This is the same treatment bold Americans of conscience have always received. People rarely want to hear the truth when that truth reveals problems they don\u2019t want to face. It\u2019s easier to blame the messenger and ignore the message. He is forcing the country to continue to have a meaningful conversation about racial inequality when many want to pretend there is no problem. That\u2019s why Colin has been vilified and glorified, ostracized and memorialized, demonized and idolized. Though supporters have come and gone, Colin has never wavered in his commitment. This selfless courage has inspired other athletes\u2014from high school to professional ranks\u2014across all sports, races and genders to make their voices heard. He is forcing the country to continue to have a meaningful conversation about racial inequality when many want to pretend there is no problem. Sports Illustrated\u2019s Muhammad Ali Legacy Award was created to honor individuals whose career in athletics has directly or indirectly impacted the world. On Nov. 30, it was reported that a group of about 40 NFL players and league officials had reached an agreement for the league to provide approximately $90 million between now and 2023 for activism endeavors important to African-American communities. Clearly, this is the result of Colin\u2019s one-knee revolution and of the many players and coaches he inspired to join him. That is some serious impact. It has always been perplexing that people criticize athletes like Colin as being unpatriotic because they are exercising the rights the Constitution protects. It\u2019s especially puzzling when they are accused of disrespecting the national anthem, which contains the lyrics, \u201cNo refuge could save the hireling and the terror of flight, or the gloom of the grave,\u201d and was written by a man who referred to blacks as an \u201cinferior race of people.\u201d When that song is playing, it seems like an especially appropriate time to bring up the fact that 200 years after it was written, we are still treating African-Americans as an inferior race by denying them equal opportunities in education, jobs, health care and voting. We praise our military for risking everything to make sure America lives up to the promises in the Constitution: equal opportunity and respect for all people. Upon hearing about the establishment of the award in his honor, Ali said, \u201cI know there will be a great tradition of champions to receive this award in the future, and I look forward to celebrating their spirit and accomplishments.\u201d Were my old friend still alive, I know he would be proud that Colin Kaepernick is continuing Ali\u2019s tradition of being a selfless warrior for social justice. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is a former recipient of the Sports Illustrated's Muhammad Ali Legacy Award. His new book Becoming Kareem: Growing Up On and Off the Court details his most influential mentors, including his lifelong friend, Muhammad Ali.", "label": 1, "id": 589}
{"text": "Donald Trump fully embraced his inner neocon before the United Nations today. He lashed out at North Korea, indicating that he was ready to \u2018totally destroy\u2019 it. He upbraided Iran as a corrupt and malignant regime that had taken America and its allies to the cleaners with the nuclear deal\u2014\u2019One of the worst and most one-sided transactions.\u2019 And for good measure, he scoffed at various socialist regimes around the globe. The only term missing in his dyspeptic assessment of the carnage around the world was \u2018axis of evil,\u2019 the phrase that George W. Bush made famous when he decried Iran, North Korea and Iraq after the 9/11 attacks. The language he deployed was seldom less than apocalyptic. Like Bush, he embraced the tone of moral superiority: \u2018If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph.\u2019 When it was not chiliastic, Trump indulged in snark, referring to \u2018Rocket Man\u2019 as being on a \u2018suicide mission.\u2019 There can be no doubting that the regimes Trump referred to are as nasty as they come. But enmeshing America in an Asian land war would surpass any of the follies that it has experienced in the Middle East. Russia and China can only hope that Washington becomes stuck in another unwinnable war. What served America well during the cold war wasn\u2019t overt confrontation such as in Vietnam, but the strategy of containment. Certainly Trump\u2019s speech fitted with the desire he is now expressing to stage a massive military parade down Pennsylvania Avenue on 4 July to match, or even surpass, the festivities surrounding the Bastille Day parade that left him agog this past July in Paris, where he was the guest of Emmanuel Macron. One problem is that the avenue isn\u2019t actually strong enough to withstand the weight of tanks rolling over it. Never mind. For Trump, these are mere details. He has apparently become enamoured by a vision of a militarised America that can set wrong aright abroad, whenever and wherever it pleases. His bellicosity is discordant, however, with the more isolationist America First doctrines that he brayed about during the presidential campaign. America First has been converted into a bellicose unilateralism. If anything, it sounds like neocon 2.0. It was notable that during his speech at the UN, Trump veered from claiming, on the one hand, that it was imperative to respect the national sovereignty of individual nations to alleging, on the other, that there is no burking the necessity of taking out regimes that he, and he alone, deems inimical to American interests and values. What about the country that meddled with the 2016 American elections, thereby violating the precious sovereignty Trump dwelled upon? There was nary a word about Russia. The most that can be hoped for with Trump\u2019s speech is that it was simply more rodomontade. The danger, as so often with the old boy, isn\u2019t if he\u2019s insincere. It\u2019s if he really means what he said.", "label": 1, "id": 466}
{"text": "We saw this coming a mile away. Early Thursday, the controversial Milwaukee County Sheriff, David Clarke resigned without any notice. The move was a surprising one but we should have known that President Trump had something to do with it. The former Wisconsin sheriff gave his resignation on Thursday to join the Trump administration. While Clarke submitted his letter of resignation Thursday afternoon, the letter did not include the details of why he quit and what was next for the sheriff. However, CNN reports that Clarke will join the Trump administration but what exactly he will be doing is still unknown. Trump has pegged him earlier this year for a role, but Clarke withdrew from consideration within a few days of the announcement. According to CNN: \u201cIt\u2019s unclear what job Clarke will take in the administration, but one of the sources said he\u2019s expected to join the White House. Clarke likely won\u2019t be offered a Senate-confirmed role because his nomination would face opposition from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle.\u201d Oncologists Are Freaking Out After True Cause Of Cancer Is Released Back in May, Clarke publicly announced he\u2019d accepted a position as an assistant secretary in the Department of Homeland Security. But according to sources, no official offer had been made to him at the time of his announcement and was forced to withdraw from consideration. Clarke is known for defending Trump against racial claims. After the \u201cUnite the Right\u201d rally in Charlottesville, many critics spoke about against Trump\u2019s response and his failure to condemn white supremacy. Clarke went on Sean Hannity\u2019s show to defend the President by stating that he doesn\u2019t have a racist bone in his body. Perhaps, Clarke will be joining the Trump team just to do television appearance on Trump\u2019s behalf to combat claims of racism and bigotry. Only time will tell. What do you think about Clarke\u2019s move?", "label": 1, "id": 207}
{"text": "Oct 19, 2017 at 3:09 PM From Washington, D.C. to the NFL and Hollywood, America\u2019s idols are tumbling down. This is not a bad thing. For too long, we have wasted precious time and money worshipping these so-called \u201csocial justice\u201d warrior hypocrites who continue to disappoint. Here\u2019s to hoping all this disappointment will lead us back to what really matters, but don\u2019t count on it. Huge swaths of Americans still bow at the altar of social justice. They believe government-forced \u201ccharity\u201d will advance us to an utopian paradise where everyone enjoys the same outcome, despite personal effort, upbringing, unique abilities and education. Truth is, though, social justice is an oxymoron based on the false premise that the cure for injustice is leveling the playing field and redistributing wealth. As former Vice President Joe Biden once said, \u201cYou may call it redistribution of wealth \u00e2\u20ac\u2019 I just call it being fair.\u201d Karl Marx would be so proud. Marx hated religion, private property and Judeo-Christian values as much as leftists do today. That\u2019s why you should bolt out of any place of worship that combines Jesus, social justice and the government in the same sentence. In his book, \u201cThe Fatal Conceit: The Errors of Socialism,\u201d economist Friedrich Hayek nails what\u2019s really at stake: \u201cThe aim of socialism is no less than to affect a complete redesigning of our traditional morals, law and language \u00e2\u20ac\u2019 and on this basis to stamp out the old order and the supposedly inexorable, unjustifiable conditions that prevent the institution of reason, fulfillment, true freedom and justice.\u201d Yesteryears\u2019 creepy social justice warriors are now out of the closet and no longer hide their agenda. Instead, they give it a pink boa and parade their intentions to destroy capitalism, silence free speech and scrub Judeo-Christian values from the public square. They harp about injustice and claim only they can fix it, which is one of the most arrogant, egotistical piles of hogwash you\u2019ll ever hear. All that, while they divide us into two groups, normal folks and them. They believe normal folks are about as smart as slugs, therefore incapable of coherent reasoning and self-care. To them, everyday Americans aren\u2019t diamonds in the rough, they are pliable, moldable objects used to reshape America into a socialist nightmare like Venezuela. As I\u2019ve said before, Democrats\u2019 sacrosanct belief that the government was created to control how fairness is spread around is nothing more than a modern-day effort to reinvent Robin Hood, without all the chivalry and green tights. Those who romantically embrace the concept of social justice believe the misnomer that stealing from some and passing it on to those who should have had it in the first place will result in some sort of righteous leveling. Leftists don\u2019t own the market on charity. Normal folks leave government out of the mix and combine their compassion with common sense. They bring food in one hand and a rifle in the other, knowing if they teach someone how to hunt, they\u2019ll eat for a lifetime. In comparison, leftists bring Trader Joe\u2019s bagels in one hand and a voter\u2019s registration card in the other. Seizing the opportunity to convert their victims into non-thinking entitlement aficionados, they stop at nothing to meet an immediate need, then lead them by their noses to leftist-run metropolises where crime and government handouts abound. I know, the devil is always in the details, but I\u2019ll go ahead and say it anyhow. Forced \u201ccharity\u201d doesn\u2019t bring about justice. Instead, it creates injustice when it stirs up animosity between the less fortunate and those being penalized, taxed, for their hard work under penalty of prosecution. In sharp contrast, there is a power in authentic generosity that no amount of government social-engineering could or will ever match. The social justice crowd should dust off the knees they protest with and try it sometime. ^ Susan Stamper Brown lives in Alaska and writes on culture, politics and current events.", "label": 1, "id": 82}
{"text": "Facebook Stephen C. Paddock has been identified as the lone shooter in the Las Vegas shooting that occurred at the Route 91 Harvest Festival, as reported by USA Today. The shooter is currently dead and suicide has been reported as the probable cause of death. Since news of the shooting broke, Paddock\u2019s family has begun to speak out and his brother Eric, from Orlando, Florida, has been talking to the media. Get to know more about the shooter through his brother Eric, the incident itself, and how Eric Paddock views the tragedy. 1. Eric Paddock Said His Brother Had No Religious Affiliations, Prior to ISIS Reports \u201cNot an avid gun guy at all\u2026where the hell did he get automatic weapons? He has no military background,\u201d gunman\u2019s brother says pic.twitter. \u2014 CBS News (@CBSNews) October 2, 2017 In an interview with Daily Mail, Eric Paddock said that his brother had no political or religious affiliation of which he was aware. Paddock added that: He was just a guy. Something happened, he snapped or something. Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo also told FOX News that a motive is not known, explaining: We have no idea what his belief system was. Right now, we believe he was the sole aggressor and the scene is static. Unfortunately, ISIS accounts online are claiming Stephen C. Paddock actually converted to Islam months ago and the shooting was on their behalf. It is unclear if this is coming from actual ISIS propaganda accounts or random supporters, though Good Morning America has begun discussing the possibilities of this as well. The Associated Press has posted the above tweet, announcing this news. 2. Stephen C. Paddock\u2019s Family Is \u201cDumbfounded\u201d Brother Eric Paddock tells Daily Mail that their family is confused and shocked. He explained: We know absolutely nothing, this is just, we are dumbfounded \u2026 We have absolutely no idea. Our condolences go to the victims and all their families. The Orlando Sentinel reports that, according to public records, much of Stephen C. Paddock\u2019s family resides in Florida. 3. Paddock\u2019s Family Is Worried About Being Attacked Over the Incident Eric Paddock says that his 90-year-old mother, who lives close to him, is struggling to cope with the news and is \u201cin shock\u201d. Paddock told Daily Mail: Our family is OK, we\u2019re sitting in here in our house hoping that everyone doesn\u2019t attack us. My mother is 90 years old, lives down the street from me, we\u2019re just completely dumbfounded. Like his brother was reported to be, according to his Facebook page, Eric Paddock is retired, like several of his family members in Florida. Stephen C. Paddock was living in Nevada at the time of the shooting. 4. The Shooter and His Brother Were Not Very Close Stephen C. Paddock and his brother\u2019s relationship was not strained, but they were not very close. Eric Paddock said that he and his brother lived on different coasts and that they did not speak very often. Eric Paddock said his brother was a regular at Las Vegas casinos, according to Good Morning America, and Stephen used to work as an accountant. In an interview with Las Vegas Review Journal, Paddock also said: We have no idea how this happened. It\u2019s like an asteroid just fell on top of our family. He then added: There is no reason we can imagine why Stephen would do something like this. All we can do is send our condolences to the people who died. Just no reason, no warning \u2026 As far as we knew, he had enough money to live the rest of his life in comfort. Paddock said that, as much as he knew, his brother had no known health or financial problems at the time of the shooting. 5. This Was the Deadliest Shooting In US History With over 50 people dead and over 400 injured in the shooting, this is reported to be the deadliest shooting in American history. Country star Jason Aldean was on stage performing at the time of the shooting and he ran off stage once aware of what was happening. Shooter Stephen C. Paddock opened fire from a 32nd floor hotel room at the Mandalay Bay Hotel &amp; Casino.", "label": 0, "id": 201}
{"text": "TEHRAN, Iran (CNN) -- Attackers have mounted simultaneous gun and suicide bomb assaults on Iran's parliament building and the tomb of the republic's revolutionary founder in Tehran. At least seven people were killed and 35 others injured in the twin assaults, the semi-official Fars agency reported. The attacks were the most audacious State media reported that gunmen stormed the parliament building in Tehran and went on a shooting spree. At least one attacker detonated a suicide bomb. Five people died and at least 25 were injured there, Fars reported. At the same time, a gun and suicide bomb attack targeted the Ayatollah Khomeini mausoleum on the southern outskirts of the Iranian capital. Two people died and 10 were injured at the shrine, Fars said. A woman was arrested after the attack at the tomb, Fars reported, adding that another attacker has been surrounded by security officers. CNN has not independently verified the number of victims and it was not immediately clear whether the number of dead included the suicide bombers. The attackers were holding a number of hostages inside the highly-fortified parliament building, Press TV reported, as Iranian officials scrambled to establish who was behind the attacks or whether they were coordinated. A picture from semi-official Fars news agency shows a man lowering a young boy from a window of the parliament building onto the street as another man holding a gun watches over them from another window. The man with the gun is reportedly a policeman helping with the evacuation. Attacks of this nature are extremely rare in Iran, particularly in the highly-controlled capital where tourist and government sites are tightly policed. Gun ownership is heavily controlled in Iran, raising speculation that the attackers' guns were smuggled into the country. Symbolic attack Iran's parliament, also called the Islamic Consultative Assembly or Majlis, has 290 members. It has female members and has representatives for religious minorities including Christians, Zoroastrians and Jews. It is currently unclear how the attacker or attackers entered the parliament building, which has multiple security checkpoints. The location of the mausoleum attack is symbolic, targeting the tomb of the Islamic Republic's founder and first supreme leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini. He led the revolution that overthrew the Shah in 1979 and was Iran's leader for 10 years. The mausoleum is located around 25 kilometers (15 miles) from the parliament. Attacks rare Such attacks in Iran are rare, but the country -- with its largely Shiite population -- has been involved in military actions against Sunni terrorist groups such as ISIS, who regard Shiites as apostates. Last year, Iran's government said it thwarted \"one of the biggest plots\" by terror groups targeting Tehran and other major cities during the month of Ramadan. This year's holy month started almost two weeks ago on May 26. The last major attack in Iran was in 2010 when a Sunni extremist group carried out a suicide attack against a mosque in Sistan-Baluchistan killing 39 people. Kurdish groups have carried out small scale attacks against Iranian security forces in the north-west of the country. Print this article Back to Top", "label": 0, "id": 391}
{"text": "Counselor to the President John Podesta speaks to the Center for American Progress\u2019s Second Annual Policy Conference in Washington, Wednesday, Nov. 19, 2014. (AP Balce Ceneta) Following another dump of his personal emails, Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign chairman, John Podesta, is claiming that Russian hackers targeted his account to try and influence the presidential election -- and he suggested that those hackers tipped off a Trump advisor. CBS News correspondent Nancy Cordes reports that Podesta on Tuesday went step-by-step through all the contact Donald Trump and his campaign aides have had with Russian actors or with Wikileaks. He argued that it\u2019s all circumstantial evidence pointing so some kind of secret understanding between Trump and the highest reaches of the Russian government. Podesta said the theft of 10 years worth of emails from his gmail account is now being investigated as part of the FBI\u2019s larger probe into hacks at the Democratic National Committee (DNC). The U.S. intelligence community said on Friday that it is \u201cconfident\u201d those hacks were directed by the \u201cRussian government.\u201d \u201cRussian interference in this election and their apparent attempt to influence it on behalf of Mr. Trump is, I think, of -- should be of utmost concern to all Americans,\u201d Podesta told reporters from the Clinton campaign plane. Podesta noted that long-time Trump confidant Roger Stone appeared to have advance notice of the hack, when Stone tweeted back in August: \u201cTrust me, it will soon be the Podesta\u2019s time in the barrel.\u201d Stone also recently told Florida Republicans that he was in touch with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. The emails are a revealing and sometimes embarrassing window into the workings of a major campaign. In one, now-interim DNC chair Donna Brazile (who was working for CNN) appears to slip the campaign a \u201cquestion\u201d Clinton was to be asked at a CNN town hall during her primary contest against Bernie Sanders. In another, Starbucks CEO and major Clinton donor Howard Schultz called the campaign \u201cstale\u201d and lacking the \u201ctransparency that the American people.will need to trust and ultimately elect\u201d Clinton. Trump, for his part, has brushed off accusations that his words and his proposals seem to favor Putin. \u201cShe doesn\u2019t know if it\u2019s the Russians doing the hacking,\u201d Trump said during Sunday\u2019s presidential debate town hall. He also claimed \u201cI know nothing about the inner workings of Russia.\u201d In North Carolina, President Obama said Trump sounded much like a Russian dictator when he threatened to jail Clinton if he won. \u201cI frankly never thought I\u2019d see the day when we had a major party candidate who would be promoting those kinds of notions,\u201d the president said at a Clinton campaign event. Podesta said he doesn\u2019t know why Trump would be sympathetic to Russia, but he suggested that it might be his business dealings or his fascination with Vladimir Putin. He added that he expects the leaks to soon follow the pattern of other Russian-led hacks, where they begin by releasing real documents at first -- and then start releasing fake ones.", "label": 0, "id": 366}
{"text": "This post is the opinion of the the author and does not necessarily represent The Good Men Project. Today Trump has pulled the old bait &amp; switch on a group of Americans called \u201cDreamers\u201d. The harpooning of DACA targets people who are by all accounts as American as apple pie: the children of immigrants. They take nothing away from anybody. They cost nothing and do nothing but contribute to our nation\u2019s greatness. They are fundamentally what America is all about, really. This decision illuminates the fundamental character of this administration: cruel and mean. No longer can there be any denying what Trump\u2019s agenda is. His tenure has but one goal: to eradicate everything and anything associated with Barack Obama. He hasn\u2019t even tried to hide it. I\u2019d previously written that Trump is the Middle Finger President. His one obvious competency is his capacity to give the middle finger to anyone that doesn\u2019t kiss his butt. Perhaps it would be more accurate to say that Trump is the middle finger himself. He represents a minority of Americans: mostly uneducated, working whites who feel angry and left behind. They are resentful of the gains that blacks, people of color, and immigrants have made. The majority of them are economically insecure and bent on finding someone to blame because they don\u2019t have the mettle to examine themselves. White supremacy suits them just fine. Among the educated Trump supporters, most of them are elderly, in retirement, who have too much time to sit and get hypnotized by Fox News. They parrot spitting Obama\u2019s name like a foreign four letter word. Enough has unfolded in the past 9 months to clarify exactly what Trump\u2019s presidency is about, and it\u2019s clear that it\u2019s about anything but serving America. At this point, he\u2019s alienated a good percentage of his own party. No need to regurgitate the stream of officials he\u2019s fired or who\u2019ve walked away from his administration. No need to replay senior members of his own party denouncing his behavior. It\u2019s become glaringly obvious: this guy is about one thing, and that is being the stand-in for a basket of American\u2019s once labeled \u201cdeplorables\u201d. While this sounds like a petty insult, the polls have been consistent: approximately 1/3rd of Americans have deplorable views about black people, people of color, LGBT, and immigrants. They are overwhelmingly white, and while they are not all Trump supporters, ALL Trump supporters are in this demographic. This is his base. Trump has responded by making every single decision he can to appease and please them. Nothing offended them worse than Barack Obama in the White House. As such, he\u2019s dedicated his entire term to doing nothing other than wiping Obama\u2019s name from the annals of American history. The only problem (for him) is, he\u2019s actually done the reverse. Initially, it appeared that approximately 45% of the country was in his camp. This was alarming and deeply distressing for those who held President Obama as a champion of the environment, of civil rights reforms, and the people. President Obama\u2019s grace and personal skills helped pave the way for a global relationship with the rest of the world. That made many of us feel safer. In just 9 months, Trump has managed to alienate our closest allies, and wall the USA off from much of the world. We look in the mirror and find ourselves facing a toddler-like madman lobbing hydrogen bombs at us. Kim Jong Un is the perfect shadow reflection for Trump who claims to be the \u201cgreat negotiator\u201d who\u2019s going to make \u201cgreat deals\u201d all over the world. So far, he\u2019s been successful at one thing: rolling back approximately 800 of Obama deals, mostly concerning the environment, civil rights, and immigration. Look forward: 100 years from now, historians will look back to this era as the turning of the tide in American culture and politics. Trump\u2019s name will forever be etched in the books as the provocative agitator who turned America on its head. For all his publicity stunts and lust for fame, he probably didn\u2019t think it would go this way. Because of his monumental effort to white-out Obama\u2019s name from history, it will forever be impossible to mention Trump without talking about Barack Obama. History will show that trump would never have been possible if not for President Obama. Van Jones called it \u201cwhite lash\u201d. It\u2019s a rebound reaction from a white demographic entirely uncomfortable with the idea of a progressive black man in the White House. To make matters worse, Obama\u2019s a far more dignified, intelligent, and graceful man than most of us can ever hope to be. Who else could have enraged white supremacists this much? And who other than Trump could have emboldened them enough to take their hoods off and show their faces, marching while shouting racists chants with such shameless bravado? There are no more sacred cows. When he cut funding to Meals on Wheels, most of us thought, huh? What\u2019s wrong with you? Then it was school lunches for children, which prompted Michelle Obama to twist up her face (very un-Beyonce like) and say, \u201cwhat\u2019s wrong with you?\u201d Now comes DACA and the whole world screws up its face and shouts, \u201cWTF is wrong with you?\u201d Here\u2019s what\u2019s wrong with him: there is a tiny fragment of our society that applauds this sort of attitude, and he is a slave to applause. Speaking of slaves, these are the same people who, when polled said they thought slaves should never have been freed. The same people when polled said they thought white supremacists and Neo Nazis were being marginalized more than people of color. The same people who think the media is a bigger threat to democracy than white supremacists. These are the people Trump is playing to. As such, whenever he\u2019s under fire \u2013 which is often \u2013 he goes on the campaign trail and holds a MAGA rally, where he (in the words of John McCain) \u201cfires up the crazies\u201d. This is the demographic who hold his base intact, and according to polls should he alienate them, his approval ratings dip into the single digits. Trump and his tiny base have one agenda: to wipe Obama\u2019s name from the books. Unfortunately for him, in the years to come, his name will stand in the shadow of Obama as historians will establish comparisons that will have Trump turning in his gold plated grave. Thanks to Trump, by comparison, President Obama will be seen as a great visionary of supernatural eloquence and character. Trump\u2019s legacy will be pitifully tarnished as the president who did nothing but roll back Obama\u2019s reforms. He will be forever known as the president who stood for nothing more than giving a middle finger to President Obama. All to appease a racist, small minded base standing on their last quivering leg. They\u2019ve found their hero, the archetypal symbol of white supremacy in Donald Trump. In 100 years, when history looks back, it will be Donald Trump\u2019s anti-legacy that will give torque to Obama\u2019s legacy. No matter how many Obama regulations and laws Trump rolls back, whether it be the Paris Accord or Cuba or DACA, history will cast a glorious light on Obama. Much of this will we can owe to the spotlight Trump gave him. We will recognize that this dark era is the result of a progressive black man and his family coming to power, agitating the shadow of racism and white supremacy in America. Because of him, the rising up of this ugly shadow that we now see so clearly is firmly in our collective cross hairs. In 100 years, we will give thanks for Donald J. Trump for making the target so big and easy to hit. We\u2019ll be grateful for how simple he made it for us to see our disease. We will thank him for ushering in a new dream because we were finally able to cut the illness out and begin our healing. Thanks to Donald Trump, we\u2019ll be able to see Barack Obama for the great man that he was, and we\u2019ll build a monument to him upon the failures of Trump and his ilk. I bet Trump didn\u2019t see that coming. The Secret Plan To Destroy Trump's Administration", "label": 1, "id": 476}
{"text": "Video Purchase Off-Site audio mp3 of Address Your browser does not support the audio element. [AUTHENTICITY CERTIFIED: Text version below transcribed directly from audio. (2)] I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation. Five score years ago, a great American, in whose symbolic shadow we stand today, signed the Emancipation Proclamation. This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice. It came as a joyous daybreak to end the long night of their captivity. But one hundred years later, the Negro still is not free. One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination. One hundred years later, the Negro lives on a lonely island of poverty in the midst of a vast ocean of material prosperity. One hundred years later, the Negro is still languished in the corners of American society and finds himself an exile in his own land. And so we've come here today to dramatize a shameful condition. In a sense we've come to our nation's capital to cash a check. When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note to which every American was to fall heir. This note was a promise that all men, yes, black men as well as white men, would be guaranteed the \"unalienable Rights\" of \"Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.\" It is obvious today that America has defaulted on this promissory note, insofar as her citizens of color are concerned. Instead of honoring this sacred obligation, America has given the Negro people a bad check, a check which has come back marked \"insufficient funds.\" But we refuse to believe that the bank of justice is bankrupt. We refuse to believe that there are insufficient funds in the great vaults of opportunity of this nation. And so, we've come to cash this check, a check that will give us upon demand the riches of freedom and the security of justice. We have also come to this hallowed spot to remind America of the fierce urgency of Now. This is no time to engage in the luxury of cooling off or to take the tranquilizing drug of gradualism. Now is the time to make real the promises of democracy. Now is the time to rise from the dark and desolate valley of segregation to the sunlit path of racial justice. Now is the time to lift our nation from the quicksands of racial injustice to the solid rock of brotherhood. Now is the time to make justice a reality for all of God's children. It would be fatal for the nation to overlook the urgency of the moment. This sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality. Nineteen sixty-three is not an end, but a beginning. And those who hope that the Negro needed to blow off steam and will now be content will have a rude awakening if the nation returns to business as usual. And there will be neither rest nor tranquility in America until the Negro is granted his citizenship rights. The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges. But there is something that I must say to my people, who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice: In the process of gaining our rightful place, we must not be guilty of wrongful deeds. Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred. We must forever conduct our struggle on the high plane of dignity and discipline. We must not allow our creative protest to degenerate into physical violence. Again and again, we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force. The marvelous new militancy which has engulfed the Negro community must not lead us to a distrust of all white people, for many of our white brothers, as evidenced by their presence here today, have come to realize that their destiny is tied up with our destiny. And they have come to realize that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom. We cannot walk alone. And as we walk, we must make the pledge that we shall always march ahead. We cannot turn back. There are those who are asking the devotees of civil rights, \"When will you be satisfied?\" We can never be satisfied as long as the Negro is the victim of the unspeakable horrors of police brutality. We can never be satisfied as long as our bodies, heavy with the fatigue of travel, cannot gain lodging in the motels of the highways and the hotels of the cities. **We cannot be satisfied as long as the negro's basic mobility is from a smaller ghetto to a larger one. We can never be satisfied as long as our children are stripped of their self-hood and robbed of their dignity by signs stating: \"For Whites Only.\"** We cannot be satisfied as long as a Negro in Mississippi cannot vote and a Negro in New York believes he has nothing for which to vote. No, no, we are not satisfied, and we will not be satisfied until \"justice rolls down like waters, and righteousness like a mighty stream.\"1 I am not unmindful that some of you have come here out of great trials and tribulations. Some of you have come fresh from narrow jail cells. And some of you have come from areas where your quest -- quest for freedom left you battered by the storms of persecution and staggered by the winds of police brutality. You have been the veterans of creative suffering. Continue to work with the faith that unearned suffering is redemptive. Go back to Mississippi, go back to Alabama, go back to South Carolina, go back to Georgia, go back to Louisiana, go back to the slums and ghettos of our northern cities, knowing that somehow this situation can and will be changed. Let us not wallow in the valley of despair, I say to you today, my friends. And so even though we face the difficulties of today and tomorrow, I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream. I have a dream that one day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: \"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.\" I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood. I have a dream that one day even the state of Mississippi, a state sweltering with the heat of injustice, sweltering with the heat of oppression, will be transformed into an oasis of freedom and justice. I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. I have a dream today! I have a dream that one day, down in Alabama, with its vicious racists, with its governor having his lips dripping with the words of \"interposition\" and \"nullification\" -- one day right there in Alabama little black boys and black girls will be able to join hands with little white boys and white girls as sisters and brothers. I have a dream today! I have a dream that one day every valley shall be exalted, and every hill and mountain shall be made low, the rough places will be made plain, and the crooked places will be made straight; \"and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed and all flesh shall see it together.\"2 This is our hope, and this is the faith that I go back to the South with. With this faith, we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day. And this will be the day -- this will be the day when all of God's children will be able to sing with new meaning: My country 'tis of thee, sweet land of liberty, of thee I sing. Land where my fathers died, land of the Pilgrim's pride, From every mountainside, let freedom ring! And if America is to be a great nation, this must become true. And so let freedom ring from the prodigious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom ring from the mighty mountains of New York. Let freedom ring from the heightening Alleghenies of Pennsylvania. Let freedom ring from the snow-capped Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the curvaceous slopes of California. But not only that: Let freedom ring from Stone Mountain of Georgia. Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee. Let freedom ring from every hill and molehill of Mississippi. From every mountainside, let freedom ring. And when this happens, and when we allow freedom ring, when we let it ring from every village and every hamlet, from every state and every city, we will be able to speed up that day when all of God's children, black men and white men, Jews and Gentiles, Protestants and Catholics, will be able to join hands and sing in the words of the old Negro spiritual: Free at last! Free at last! Thank God Almighty, we are free at last!3 ** = Content within red asterisks absent from this audio. For reasons unknown to this writer, the audio has been edited -- at least once -- to exclude the content noted in double asterisks in the main text area above. Click player below or here for audio of the content in red asterisks. Audio includes surrounding content for reference beginning with \"There are those who are asking the devotees of civil rights\" and ending with \"righteousness like a mighty stream.\" Your browser does not support the audio element. 1 Amos 5:24 (rendered precisely in The American Standard Version of the Holy Bible) 2 Isaiah 40:4-5 (King James Version of the Holy Bible). Quotation marks are excluded from part of this moment in the text because King's rendering of Isaiah 40:4 does not precisely follow the KJV version from which he quotes (e.g., \"hill\" and \"mountain\" are reversed in the KJV). King's rendering of Isaiah 40:5, however, is precisely quoted from the KJV. 3 At: - _at_last_from.htm Also in this database: Martin Luther King, Jr: A Time to Break Silence Audio Source: Linked directly to: /MLKDream Image #2 Source:. External Link: Page Updated: 11/14/17 U.S. Copyright Status: Text and Audio = Restricted, seek permission. Image #1 = Uncertain. Image #2 = Public domain. Copyright inquiries and permission requests may be directed to: Estate of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr Intellectual Properties Management One Freedom Plaza 449 Auburn Avenue NE Atlanta, GA 30312 Fax: 404-526-8969", "label": 0, "id": 594}
{"text": "The boogie man is real. He is not a monster with long fangs, sharp claws, red eyes, and a tail who lives in your closet and comes out when the bedroom light is off. He is, in fact, a man of different ages, height, weight, and skin complexion. He is the Black man. Throughout our time in America, the Black man has been demonized as this being who is a destructive, carnivorous, raping, and murderous beast who is a danger to every human on this planet. This belief has been the motivation for many acts of violence towards the Black man: beatings, stabbings, lynching, as well as legislation such as the Black Codes and the 1994 Crime Bill. The thought of the African-American man being an out-of-control criminal and sexual predator has marred him in society by white men, white women, and even his own community. Dr. Tommy J. Curry, professor of philosophy at Texas A&amp;M University, hopes to fight the perception of the Black boogie man with his new book, The Man-Not: Race, Class, Genre, and the Dilemma of Black Manhood. The Man-Not was written to show the Black man as something other than a caricature of violence: as a full-bodied person. Can people who have been studied and labeled as irredeemable and misogynist by white and Black feminist groups be viewed as men who are capable of vulnerability? Can a being that has not only historically been the target of violent racist attacks by white men and women be victims of sexual violence from said people as well? I became aware of Dr. Curry by listening to an interview he gave on the podcast, \u201cThe Context of White Supremacy\u201d, a show dedicated to discussing racism with other non-white people. What struck me was not how well researched Curry\u2019s theories on white supremacy were. Although his thoughts were grounded in facts, I was taken aback by how fearless he was in addressing racism, not only to the academia or \u201cacademy\u201d as he likes to call it, but in everyday life. Dr. Curry\u2019s explanation of how white people cannot be ignorant about racism was mind altering. Instead of blaming it on no contact or lack of socialization, Curry pushes back and lays the responsibility on white culture itself, \u201cWe know that white people have done the same type of behaviors. They have discriminated against Black people; they\u2019ve called Black people niggers and God knows what other names. They always vitiated, secluded, and segregated Blackness. To repeat those things doesn\u2019t seem to be the work of ignorance, in fact, it seems to be the repetition of historical knowledge of about how to treat Black folk. So when we see the same thing, ignorance seems to be the unrealistic apologetic.\u201d To this day it is the most valuable theory on race that I have heard in the past five years. The main part of The Man-Not is broken down into five chapters. In \u201cOn Mimesis and Men\u201d, Dr. Curry reveals the justification of enslaving and controlling the Black man and the origin of the \u201cBlack Beast\u201d narrative. In \u201cLost In a Kiss?\u201d, Dr. Curry discusses Eldridge Cleaver\u2019s lost manuscript The Book of Lives, Cleaver\u2019s thoughts on the sexualization of Black men in prison, and how the mere existence of Black life provokes an attack by white racists. \u201cThe Political Economy of Niggerdom\u201d is a look into the negative perception of Black men held by many in the academy and other PWI\u2019s (Predominately White Institutions). Dr. Curry highlights that many of the current theories being taught in colleges about African-American males are inaccurate and based on racist thought. \u201cEschatological Dilemmas\u201d talks about the often victimized Black male through sexualized violence, and why they are not afforded the ability to be seen as victims. Finally, \u201cIn the Fiat of Dreams\u201d illustrates how not only the death of Black men and boys is de-centered, but it is thought of as deserving. Each chapter in The Man-Not presents a case of the African-American men and boys being in constant danger for existing. On the state of the Black man, Dr. Curry comments, \u201cTo be a Black male is to live in constant fear of being accused of some offense against another. Black men live in a world where any accusation against them is thought to be evidence of their guilt. Imagine a world in which any individual who can be thought of as a victim of a Black male has the power to define him as a criminal. This is the world many Black males find themselves imprisoned within, too often defined by the accusations of others against them rather than their actual character.\u201d This is a part of the everyday existence of being Black. Your word means very little. If someone accuses you of a crime, the thought is that you are guilty of said crime. If you look like a criminal, chances are you are one. I thought about Michael Bennett, the Seattle Seahawks football player who was held at gunpoint by police for \u201clooking like a suspect.\u201d The benefit of the doubt is never given to us. I was very interested in reading \u201cLost In a Kiss?\u201d, the section of the book that highlights Cleaver\u2019s lost manuscript, The Book of Lives. I had read Cleaver\u2019s raw Soul on Ice when I was young and had been fascinated by his view on white supremacy. It wasn\u2019t the bourgeois look into racism that many of his contemporaries had, but a gritty, gutter, street-level take on racist whites and the system they preside over. The Book of Lives, an unpublished writing of Cleaver\u2019s, spoke about homosexuality in prison and how, in Dr. Curry\u2019s words, \u201cprisons are hedonistic warehouses.\u201d This ties into the theme of The Man-Not: the specific societal and historic vulnerability of Black men and the white supremacist order, making the Black male disposable. \u201cLost in a Kiss?\u201d also talks about the irrational fear that whites possess towards Black people and the violence that Blackness attracts. Dr. Curry quotes Frantz Fanon, author of the classic book The Wretched of The Earth on this issue: \u201cThe Negro is phobogenic, meaning that the Negro triggers a pre-rational fear in the mind of the white. This fear objectifies the Negro, over-determining his being as the phantasm of the white mind. The objectified Black is endowed with evil intentions and with all the attributes of a malefic power.\u201d After I read this, I thought of the unarmed Black men that were gunned down by police \u2013 from the adult Mike Brown, Walter Scott, down to the young Tamir Rice. Black men of all ages and sizes inspire fear. The most impactful chapter of The Man-Not is \u201cEschatological Dilemmas: Anti-Black Male Death, Rape, and the Inability to Perceive Black Males Sexual Vulnerability\u201d. Dr. Curry perfectly illustrates that throughout his time in America, the Negro has never been seen as a victim of sexual violence. Through his raging appetite to rape women and elongated member, the Black man cannot be raped. \u201cThe hyper-masculine stereotypes of Black males make it almost unfathomable for many onlookers to see Black men and boys as victims of women\u2019s violence or rage,\u201d Dr. Curry says. Chapter 4 also analyzes the sexualized pressure that led to many Black men being killed in the late 1800\u2019s. Because he was a Black man and could rape, the white woman was in potential danger and these men had to be lynched. \u201cHe has to be controlled. He has to be locked away\u2026\u201d This way of thinking has not only been used throughout the years to falsely convict Black men of raping and sexually assaulting white women, but has forever stamped the Black man as hypersexual in his own community. While The Man-Not spends much of its time combating the negative stereotypes that reduce the Black man to a caricature, it also muses about life as a Black child seeing the violence that is directed at him because he is male. Dr. Curry writes, \u201cImagine what it means to see this life from the eyes of a Black boy, anxious and afraid of a youthful death \u2013 doubtful that he could live long enough to be a Black man?\u201d This is something that every Black man living in America realizes: that he could be a victim of police terrorism, state-sanctioned murder, or even killed at the hands of a white vigilante who believes his or her life is in danger. I have written about this extensively, knowing that our life is perilous. In the land rife with anti-Black male sentiment, The Man-Not presents the case for why Black men have not only been historically a target of every type of violent attack and stereotype, but that because of their Black maleness, this eliminates any supposed privilege they would share with white men. Dr. Curry describes a world where even though Black men have the lowest employment, the lowest life expectancy, and the highest percentage of people who are incarcerated in the United States in numbers that far exceed those at the height of South African Apartheid, there is a supposed inherent advantage to being Black and male. African-American men constitute the lowest numbers of being students and instructors in college. They are also killed by police at a larger percentage than any other living group. With all this being said, they are to have male privilege and are subjects of discourse taught in universities that African-American men are pathologically oppressive and violent. This special type of vitriol is called \u201cBlack Misandry\u201d a term Dr. Curry and his colleagues have popularized when discussing the anti-Black male thought. The Man-Not destroys this train of thought with facts and that is what makes it such a powerful book. The Man-Not is an important work that is essential in the day and age of disposable blog entries that ride on incorrect tropes about Black men. This is factual work backed up by data that can be proven, and that is what is missing in conversations about race. The Man-Not is a very dense book. There is a lot to digest here, but a book about racism and white supremacy should not be a quick read. This is a triumph in Black studies and about how the African-American man and boy is written. I felt pride and satisfaction reading this book. A Black man writing a book to humanize Black men and boys: it couldn\u2019t have come at a better time for me and everyone else. \u2014 Thinning Hair? Apply This On Your Hair and Watch What Happens What\u2019s your take on what you just read? Comment below or write a response and submit to us your own point of view or reaction here at the red box, below, which links to our submissions portal. \u25ca\u2666\u25ca Sign up for our Writing Prompts email to receive writing inspiration in your inbox twice per week. If you believe in the work we are doing here at The Good Men Project, please join us as a Premium Member, today. All Premium Members get to view The Good Men Project with NO ADS. A $50 annual membership gives you an all-access pass. You can be a part of every call, group, class, and community. A $25 annual membership gives you access to one class, one Social Interest group, and our online communities. A $12 annual membership gives you access to our Friday calls with the publisher, our online community. Subscription Amount Annual Platinum $50.00 Total Today $50.00 Total Recurring Per Year $50.00/Year Need more info? A complete list of benefits is here. Photo: Pixabay", "label": 0, "id": 477}
{"text": "There are TWO genders: male and female. It\u2019s for liberals to get that under their skin because it\u2019s a biological FACT. It\u2019s ridiculous for Liberals advocate for mentally ill people to have sex change surgeries. They need help, not to be maimed. Our country has failed these people under Obama\u2026but now President Trump is ENDING the politically correct BS. It\u2019s time to do the right thing! According to usa politics today: Had state-funded schools, colleges and universities not complied with the directive, it could put public institutions at risk of losing federal funding. As a result, U.S. District Judge Reed O\u2019Connor temporarily blocked the Obama directive nationwide in August. In his ruling, O\u2019Connor said Title IX \u201cis not ambiguous\u201d about sex being defined as \u201cthe biological and anatomical differences between male and female students as determined at their birth.\u201d Trump is going to bring back family values and Christian values to America again! It\u2019s time this country to become conservative and normal again! We should stop with the promotion of liberal sick values, all that sick attitude, we have to be normal and sane and good people again! No more transgender, gay, abortions, drugs, crimes, illegals etc\u2026 We have to have law and order, strong police, strong border, strong military, strong churches, more freedom, less socialism, less communism, less utopia, lower taxes, less regulation! That is the Trump rule, that is the Trump philosophy, and we voted for that! And if he do that, America will be great again! So, GO TRUMP GO! GOD BLESS AMERICA AND PRESIDENT TRUMP! ( ) The Blaze", "label": 1, "id": 126}
{"text": "Scott Walker Tweeted a Really Great Point About Hillary Clinton and Obama (Photo by Joe Images) I disagree with Scott Walker on everything, except this. Scott Walker and I are rarely on the same side of political issues. He's the Republican union-busting governor of Wisconsin and I'm a bleeding-heart coastal liberal, and yet here we are coming together on one of the most important issues of the day. In some ways, it's almost inspiring for its bipartisanship. /status/793450901092438017 Scott Walker is absolutely right. If you loved the last eight years with the president who currently has a 52 percent approval rating, then you should vote for Hillary Clinton. If you're happy that gay marriage is legal and that the White House has prioritized protecting the civil rights of marginalized groups, you should vote for Hillary Clinton. If you're glad that there are 16.5 million fewer uninsured Americans than there were eight years ago, then you should vote for Hillary Clinton. If you like that the economy has added over 10 million jobs since Barack Obama took office, you should vote for Hillary Clinton. If you like that the unemployment rate is well below historical norms, then you should vote for Hillary Clinton. If you like that Barack Obama is not a xenophobic orange goblin, you should vote for Hillary Clinton. WATCH This is The Decade You Should Be Looking to for Style Inspiration To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video WATCH This is The Decade You Should Be Looking to for Style Inspiration Share Tweet Email More. EMBED URL&lt;script async src=\"//player-backend.cnevids. /video/5b7aff716257107e59000004.js?iu=/3379/conde. \"&gt;&lt;/script&gt; VIDEO URL /upgrade-your-style-this-is-the-decade-you-should-be-looking-to-for-style-inspiration Our bad! It looks like we're experiencing playback issues. This live video has ended. It will be available to watch shortly. See what else is new Loaded: 0%Progress: 0% MuteVolume 0% Back Caption Options Close Settings Language English Font Size Small Medium Large Position Auto Bottom Top Sample Caption Text0:0:0:00 So, yeah. Again, Scott Walker makes a great point here.", "label": 1, "id": 393}
{"text": "\u00a9Kellepics @ pixabay.com Released under a Creative Commons License. When I was fourteen or sixteen \u2013 pardon me, but I don\u2019t remember precisely, nor did these things make any impression in the international mainstream media \u2013 mom and I went to what was probably an illegal demonstration in downtown Porto, Portugal. No, I am not sure if it was illegal, or even honestly what the demonstration was for. Around that time it might have been for anything, including in support of whoever was the most right-wing candidate available. (Don\u2019t get excited. It was never further to the right than social democrat, and at one time it was the socialist candidate.) What I remember of that demonstration \u2014 one in a string of them \u2014 were the shots from above. If my memory serves me (and understand that after these many years things run together, but be patient, there\u2019s a point to this), the demonstration was in Avenida dos Aliados, which despite the name is a plaza, hemmed in between tallish, twentieth century stone buildings. I\u2019d guess from memory four or five stories high. The shots came from either the upper windows or the roof of one of these buildings. As someone in the crowd, I remember people startled, starting to move, eddies in the packed multitude, and then someone ahead of us going down, bloodied. At that point, the running started. I don\u2019t know how I ended up running near a wall (we were pretty much in the center of the space) but I remember the moment a hand shot out, grabbed me, and pressed me flat against the wall. The shots continued through this, btw. The person who grabbed me was my mom, and for the next few minutes, we resisted the crowd going by so close they might pull us with them. I don\u2019t remember how many people were shot. Maybe four. Far more died in running down an underground passage, trying to get the train station. That last is what my mom saved me from. This is also why my blood boiled this morning when Hillary Clinton ran her ill-informed, loud mouth about the shooting in Las Vegas. We\u2019ll leave alone the fact that the \u201csilencer\u201d doesn\u2019t indeed render guns silent. Larry Correia covered that recently in a wonderful post at his blog. But even if it were possible to silence shots completely, would it be a bad thing, to prevent panic and the subsequent trampling? Unfortunately, Hillary Clinton wasn\u2019t the only person speaking while wearing a stylish colon hat. Facebook and probably all the news media \u2014 I\u2019m working on a book and at any rate have no intention of subjecting my blood pressure to that kind of hammering \u2014 are full of \u201cexperts\u201d and \u201cobservers\u201d and \u201ccommenters\u201d talking about how this wouldn\u2019t have happened if we had only banned private gun ownership.", "label": 1, "id": 508}
{"text": "Mining is one of the most destructive forces currently on the face of the planet. Mines, since the Industrial Era, have poisoned the environment and its workers alike. Gold mining is particularly destructive as its waste carries mercury and cyanide, which are typically used to extract gold from rock. These potent neurotoxins persist in the environment, poisoning the soil, and contaminate water supplies permanently. Gold mining also releases hundreds of tons of elemental mercury into the air annually. In addition, this type of mining is considered particularly destructive because of its wastefulness \u2013 over 20 tons of rock and soil must be \u201ctreated\u201d and then dislodged to produce enough gold for a single ring. Recently, in the US, the toxic consequences of gold mining were on full display when the Environmental Protection Agency\u2019s incompetence in cleaning out an abandoned gold mine turned the Animas river orange after heavy metal-laden mining waste drained into the river. Before this tragic accident, the EPA had reported that 40% of Western US watersheds had been permanently contaminated by mining. The camouflaged drones Credit \u2013 Rick Stevens Now that gold mining is not as common as it once was in the US, many other countries have been exploited by gold mining firms in its absence. One of these countries is Australia. Mining in Australia is a major industry with gold mining in Western Australia alone generating over $10 billion every year. However, some of the gold mines there have been experiencing a costly and unexpected problem as nature has apparently decided to fight back against its incursions. Drones that are used to survey the territory around gold mines are being destroyed by native wedge-tailed eagles. Rick Steven, a mine surveyor in the region, said that he had lost nine of his Trimble UX5 drones to eagles, which he labeled \u201cthe natural enemy\u201d of drones. After the attacks began, Steven camouflaged his drones as baby eagles. However, the ruse only worked temporarily as 50 flights later the eagles realized the disguised drones were not what they seemed. Each of these drones costs an impressive $20,0, meaning that gold mining companies are losing money fast thanks to the eagles\u2019 intervention. One of these companies, Gold Fields, has already lost over $100,0. This isn\u2019t the first case of animals fighting back against the degradation of the environment in recent months. Less than a month ago, a herd of wild buffalo appeared out of nowhere in a seeming show of support to the Native Americans and their allies protesting the Dakota Access pipeline. The buffalo, who are considered sacred by the Sioux tribe, appeared by the thousands in a stampede that interrupted a confrontation between protestors and police. After the event, many speculated that the buffalo had appeared to show their solidarity with the protestors and indicated that nature was fighting back against exploitative corporate practices. Hopefully, these acts of defiance from the natural world will inspire people to follow their lead in taking a stand against the corporations destroying the planet. What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news! This article ( Eagles Destroy Corporate Drones, Cost Mining Company More Than $100,0) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com", "label": 1, "id": 158}
{"text": "Quick: what is the appropriate response to the stabbing death of a human? And let's just never mind the fact that the stabbing was completely random and unprovoked. Or that the victim just happened to be days away from graduating from Bowie State University and had recently been commissioned as a second lieutenant in the U.S. Army and was preparing to move to Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, for training in defending the country against chemical attacks. What is important here, since it seems to be the only thing that is ever important in these situations, is that the victim - Richard Collins I, 23 - was Black. His murderer, Christopher Urbanski, 22, who saw fit to plunge a knife into Collins's chest for reasons no one apparently knows but the FBI is investigating as a \"possible\" (possible!) hate crime, is white. Save Yes, \"possible.\" As a matter of fact, Urbanski, who was charged with assault and first- and second-degree murder and is being held without bail, is a member of the white supremacist Facebook group Alt-Reich: Nation, according to NBC 4 Washington. So yes, it is fair to say that it is certainly \"possible\" this was a hate crime. Ah, but the story doesn't end there, because why would it. After Collins died, a civilian employee of the Anne Arundel County Police Department in Maryland took to social media to praise the act. Welby Burgone, a police-academy recruit and obvious national treasure in Trump's America, worked in the Anne Arundel County Police Department\u2019s communications department as a civilian employee. He was also a classmate and presumable \"boy\" of Urbanski's. When one Matt Worth posted on Twitter: \"Fuck Yeah Sean! That\u2019s what happens when n*as try and get frosty with an OG. Talk shit, stabbed, lol.\" To which Burgone replied with a meme that he apparently found funny, even though it objectively isn't funny under ANY circumstances, and certainly not when it refers to the slaying of a fellow human being. Save Thankfully, because sometimes the world isn't a completely awful place, the Anne Arundel Police Department also didn't find it funny and immediately suspended Burgone, issuing the following statement: \"The actions of this employee are a betrayal of the values of the Anne Arundel County Police Department. Any employee who espouses or supports hateful or racist ideology will be held accountable and we will not allow the public\u2019s trust in their police department to be eroded.\" This person is, however, still alive and freely roaming the streets being a good ol' 'Murican and contributing to the \"dialogue\" on his possible pro-hate crime radical extremist white supremacist group, and will go on to find employment elsewhere and ban together with like-minded fragile white men and possibly even reproduce and indoctrinate his progeny into his viciously racist ideology, all the while hiding behind his God and guns, so, awesome. Honestly it's hard to say what the most disturbing part of this story even is.", "label": 1, "id": 483}
{"text": "Credit: usasupreme.com It\u2019s no secret that Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, has great disdain for former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Shortly before the Democratic National Convention, the activist released incriminating email showing that the DNC had worked against Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in favor of a Clinton nomination. Though that did much to shake up supporters of the American political system and infuriate supporters of Sanders, the Vermont Senator pledged his support to Clinton nonetheless. He cited that it was important to unify the party and prevent a Trump presidency. Rigged or not (and it\u2019s most definitely rigged), is this truly the reason Bernie Sanders gave up the good fight? According to Assange, Bernie Sanders was threatened. During an interview with Australian journalist John Pilger, who is based in the United Kingdom, Assange disclosed some very concerning information. Pilger, who is working on a documentary about Assange, asked: \u201cJulian, we cut you off earlier when you were talking about what you felt were the most significant emails that you have released. Is there any last one that you\u2019d like to mention? And also, do you have any thoughts on Bernie Sanders? I mean what is your opinion why Bernie Sanders drop out of the race?\u201d Assange responded: \u201cLook, I think\u2014you know, we know how politics works in the United States. Whoever\u2014whatever political party gets into government is going to merge with the bureaucracy pretty damn fast. It will be in a position where it has some levers in its hand. And Bernie Sanders was independent candidate trying to get the nomination trough the Democratic Party and if you ask me he did get the nomination, but he was threatened to drop out.\u201d Again, Assange has promised to release incriminating emails which are sure to result in Clinton\u2019s indictment. He says he has evidence that Hillary made deals with an alleged Islamic state sponsor, as well as damning information about the Clinton Foundation. The Clinton campaign knows he\u2019s on to her, too, which is why a strategist called for an assassination of Assange on TV. \u201cOf course, we\u2019re very interested in revealing the truth about any candidate and yes we have some material about Bernie Sanders that will be published,\u201d Assange added. What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news! This article ( Julian Assange: This Is The REAL Reason Bernie Sanders Dropped Out Of The Race) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com", "label": 0, "id": 604}
{"text": "Michael Douglas of The Reach on the red carpet at the Princess of Wales Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival in Toronto on Saturday September 6, 2014. Michael Network Michael Douglas has jumped ahead of allegations he masturbated in front of a former employee, insisting he\u2019s not about to sit back and become the villain of a harassment story. The Basic Instinct star claims staff at both The Hollywood Reporter and Variety have reached out for feedback concerning accusations he pleasured himself in front of an employee three decades ago, and he\u2019s keen to get ahead of the story, before he joins the likes of Harvey Weinstein, Louis C.K., Jeremy Piven, and Brett Ratner, among others, who have been accused of sexual misconduct. Douglas has turned to movie news website Deadline to set the story straight, stating, \u201cI felt the need to get ahead of this.\u201d Revealing that The Hollywood Reporter contacted him via his attorney regarding the woman\u2019s claims that he used \u201ccolourful language\u201d in front of her, \u201cspoke raunchily, or dirtily with friends of mine in private conversations on the phone\u201d. The woman\u2019s third claim was that the actor masturbated in front of her, to which Douglas responds, \u201cI remembered this woman: sophisticated intelligent, good sense of humour, a novelist, who has written books and published novels and was an active feminist, and proud of it. My head was reeling. I just couldn\u2019t put this together.\u201d Insisting she \u201ccould have excused herself\u201d if she was offended by the language he used in private conversations, Douglas adds the allegations he blackballed the unnamed women are \u201ccompletely untrue\u201d. He adds that the claims he masturbated in front of her are \u201ca complete lie, fabrication\u201d. According to the actor, the journalist at The Hollywood Reporter agreed to sit on the story over the holidays, but in the New Year the publication got back in touch and said, \u201c\u2018She\u2019s (accuser) running around, possibly trying to give this story to other people, so we\u2019re going to run with it\u2019. \u201cI said, \u2018I don\u2019t think that\u2019s justification, just because you might get scooped, to run a story like this\u2019\u2026 I was floored,\u201d he continues. \u201cI didn\u2019t know what to say and I tried to digest it. The accusations are minimal, except of course for the idea of masturbating in front of her. She supposedly had three friends who would back her up, that she had mentioned this to\u2026 \u201cHow am I, in a 50 year career in this industry, dealing with an employee 33 years ago who perhaps is disgruntled that I let her go, even though I have never heard from her in 32 years. And a legitimate trade publication is going to try and print this story? There is no corroboration, just that they found out somebody else might run the story.\u201d Douglas calls the whole saga \u201cextremely painful\u201d, adding, \u201cI pride myself on my reputation in this business\u2026 I\u2019m bewildered why, after 32 years, this is coming out, now. \u201cThe part that hurt the worst is having to share something like this to your wife and your children. My kids are really upset, have to go to school worrying this is going to be in some article about me, being a sexual harasser. They\u2019re scared and very uncomfortable.\u201d Douglas also states this isn\u2019t \u201cthe New Year I had anticipated\u201d, adding he\u2019s worried the drama may affect upcoming work he has booked. \u201cI\u2019m fearful,\u201d he says. \u201cI have jobs going with studios who all seem to be supportive at this time. I\u2019m hurt, really hurt and offended and I wonder if people realize when you do something like this, it hurts a lot more than just one person.\u201d Play Video Play Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Remaining Time -0:00 This is a modal window. Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done ATLANTA \u2014 Desmond Marrow rejoiced when the officer he said choked him during an arrest was fired soon after a video of the encounter went viral. But now his lawyers say police and elected\u2026", "label": 0, "id": 206}
{"text": "President Trump holds a joint press conference with Sheikh Sabah Al Ahmad Al Sabah of Kuwait. Trump holds joint press conference with Kuwait's leader, Amir . Trump on Thursday also seemingly touted his administration's success against ISIS compared with his predecessor, former President Obama. \"What we do is kill ISIS,\" Trump said of America's involvement in Syria. \"We have done better in eight months in my presidency that was accomplished during the last eight years. ISIS is disappearing rapidly.\" President Trump on Thursday said it would be a \"very sad day\" for North Korea if the U.S. military needed to use force against it. \"Military action would certainly be an option,\" he said during a press conference. \"Nothing is inevitable. I would prefer not going the route of the military, but it could certainly happen.\" \"Our military is stronger now,\" Trump added. \"Each day new and beautiful equipment is delivered, by far the best in the world. Hopefully we don't use it on North Korea. But if we do use it on North Korea, it will be a very sad day for North Korea. I will tell you that North Korea is behaving very badly and it's gotta stop.\" President Trump on Thursday praised Kuwait for its contributions to defeating the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other terrorist groups. \"The United States is proud to have contributed to the liberation of Kuwait and the friendship we have built together in the years since,\" he said, referencing the First Gulf War from 1990 to 1991. \"We also thank Kuwait for its humanitarian leadership and its partnership in the fight to destroy ISIS,\" Trump added in a joint press conference with Kuwaiti leader Sabah Al Ahmad Al Sabah. President Trump and Sheikh Sabah Al Ahmad Al Sabah, the leader of Kuwait, on Thursday are appearing together in a joint press conference after meeting in Washington, D.C. Thursday's meeting comes as Kuwait tries mediating an ongoing diplomatic crisis between Qatar and its Arab neighbors in the Middle East. Trump initially seemed to side with Saudi Arabia on the disagreement, but he then instructed Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to back the Kuwaiti mediation initiative. Tillerson and other U.S. diplomats have since traveled through the region to boost Kuwait's efforts, but the dispute has dragged on despite their efforts. Trump was also expected to discuss global efforts to isolate North Korea by halting employment of its guest workers during his talks with Al Sabah. Kuwait has about 6,0 North Korean guest works within its borders as worldwide tensions rise over the Asian nation's pursuit of nuclear weapons. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 1, "id": 15}
{"text": "Hide caption After months of criticism that GoDaddy was providing a platform for hate speech, the Web hosting company announced late Sunday that it will no longer house the Daily Stormer, a neo-Nazi website that promotes white supremacist and white nationalist ideas. GoDaddy said in a tweet that Daily Stormer had been told it had 24 hours to move its website domain to another provider because it had \u201cviolated\u201d the Web host\u2019s \u201cterms of service.\u201d \u201cWe informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. GoDaddy\u2019s announcement was in response to an appeal from a Twitter user who called attention late Sunday to an online post by Daily Stormer founder Andrew Anglin. The post disparaged Heather Heyer, the 32-year-old woman killed Saturday in Charlottesville, police say, after a man plowed into a crowd with his vehicle. GoDaddy Drops White Supremacist Site 'Daily Stormer' Google and GoDaddy give a neo-Nazi website the boot GoDaddy responded to The Daily Stormer's vulgar article about Charlottesville victim Heather Heyer by banning the white supremacist site from its service. The Daily Stormer then tried to transfer its domain registration to Google. Google terminated The Daily Stormer's registration soon after, saying: - Google statement to Business Insider TheStreet.com Trump continues to threaten the removal of senior official security clearances \"Goat-Pocalypse\u2019 Strikes Boise Neighborhood Aaron Judge To Miss Three Weeks After Chip Fracture GoDaddy Drops White Supremacist Site 'Daily Stormer' The moment a gunman opened fire at Florida gaming event Vietnam War Hero Turned US Senator John McCain Has Died At Age 81 What You Need to Know About Hurricane Lane President Donald Trump says if he's impeached, we'll all be 'very poor' China to keep hitting back at U.S. over trade Speeding sports car crashes into school bus Republican Sen. John McCain to stop medical treatment for brain cancer Man Steers Harley With His Feet On Florida Highway Early morning Twitter rant by Trump sparks theories See Hurricane Lane from space Man returns after being yelled at Trump denounces Cohen as a snitch Deputies rescue women stranded on unicorn raft Toddlers survive alone for 2 days after mother is killed in car crash Scorching Temperatures Hitting California, Southwest with Excessive Heat Warnings WATCH: Skunk caught dancing on wildlife camera California Declares State of Emergency Private Jet Carrying Rapper Post Malone Lands Safely After Blowing 2 Tires Cohen investigated for $20 mln in loans: NYT Cars Swept Away By Extreme Flooding At New Jersey Car Dealership Teen 'feels like Superman' after surviving lightning strike Dems have a \"whole lot of energy\": Sen. Sanders It's time for Roger Goodell, NFL to solve anthem protest dilemma Fox With Plastic Jar Stuck On Head Rescued Near Georgetown Eligible Bachelors Tricked By Tinder Scam Trump attacks Russia probe again at Virginia rally Two Dead Fighting California Wildfire Trump touts \"amazing\" U.S. economic growth Multiple deaths in Canada shooting: police Trump dares Brennan to sue after revoking his clearance Trump wants federal suit against opioid manufacturers Dozens dead in motorway bridge collapse near Genoa Jury Convicts Paul Manafort On 8 Counts Of Fraud Pence says \"time has come\" for U.S. Space Force More Flooding Risk This Week in the East with More Anticipated Rain Sister Mary Jo throws out first pitch Trump continues to threaten the removal of senior official security clearances \"Goat-Pocalypse\u2019 Strikes Boise Neighborhood Aaron Judge To Miss Three Weeks After Chip Fracture GoDaddy Drops White Supremacist Site 'Daily Stormer' The moment a gunman opened fire at Florida gaming event Vietnam War Hero Turned US Senator John McCain Has Died At Age 81 .html?trackingGroup=90108&amp;siteSection=gatehouse&amp;videoId=32829648 BACK Embed &lt;iframe width=\"590\" height=\"332\" src=\" &amp;widgetId=1&amp;trackingGroup=69016&amp;playlistId=19132&amp;siteSection=gatehouse&amp;videoId=32829648\" frameborder=\"no\" scrolling=\"no\" noresize marginwidth=\"0\" marginheight=\"0\" allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; Privacy Policy | Terms of Use Heyer was among the hundreds who had turned out to protest against the controversial rally being held by white supremacist groups, including neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan members. The suspect, James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio, has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and another count related to the hit-and-run, police said. In the Daily Stormer post, Anglin characterized Heyer as dying in a \u201croad age incident.\u201d He said she was a \u201cdrain on society\u201d and disparaged her appearance. \u201cMost people are glad she is dead,\u201d he wrote. \u2033 @GoDaddy you host The Daily Stormer - they posted this on their site,\u201d Twitter user Amy Siskind said in an appeal to the Web hosting company. \u201cPlease retweet if you think this hate should be taken down &amp; banned.\u201d Siskind\u2019s post was shared more than 5,0 times. GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race confirmed the company\u2019s decision to boot the Daily Stormer in an email to The Washington Post. He said the article about Heyer violated GoDaddy\u2019s terms of service, Race said. \u201cGiven The Daily Stormer\u2019s latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service,\u201d Race wrote in the email. Early Monday, just hours after GoDaddy made its announcement, a note appeared on the Daily\u2019s Stormer\u2019s website claiming it had been taken over by the hacking activist group Anonymous \u201cin the name of Heather Heyer a victim of white supremacist terrorism.\u201d But a Twitter account claiming to be linked to Anonymous said it could not confirm that the Daily Storm was hacked. \u201cRemain cautious,\u201d it advised. The Daily Stormer and other websites characterized as espousing racist or anti-Semitic views have registered domain names with GoDaddy and use a privacy service called Domains by Proxy that is affiliated with GoDaddy, the Daily Beast reported last month. Critics have pushed GoDaddy to ban these sites from its service, arguing that providing them a platform enables hate speech. GoDaddy has previously said that the content, however \u201ctasteless\u201d and \u201cignorant,\u201d is protected by the First Amendment. The company told the Daily Beast in July that a Daily Stormer article threatening to \u201ctrack down\u201d the family members of CNN staffers did not violate Domains by Proxy\u2019s terms of service. \u201cWe do not see a reason to take any action under our terms of service as does not promote or encourage violence against people,\u201d Ben Butler, GoDaddy\u2019s director of network abuse, told The Daily Beast. \u201cWhile we detest the sentiment of this site and the article in question, we support First Amendment rights and, similar to the principles of free speech, that sometimes means allowing such tasteless, ignorant content.\u201d The Daily Stormer has been identified by the Southern Poverty Law Center as the \u201ctop hate site in America,\u201d and publishes content disparaging Jewish people, people of color Muslims and women.", "label": 0, "id": 353}
{"text": "Gov. Pat McCrory Sunday called the weekend firebombing of a North Carolina Republican headquarters \u201can attack on our democracy,\u201d while one GOP official called it an act of \u201cpolitical terrorism.\u201d In a tweet, Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump blamed \u201cAnimals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina.\u201d Hillsborough police said somebody threw a bottle of flammable liquid through the window of Orange County\u2019s GOP headquarters, setting campaign signs, supplies and furniture ablaze before burning itself out. A swastika and \u201cNazi Republicans get out of town or else\u201d were spray painted on the side of an adjacent building. No damage estimates were available. Latest news by email The afternoon's latest local news Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms \u201cThe firebombing of a local political headquarters in Orange County is clearly an attack on our democracy,\u201d McCrory said in a statement. \u201cViolence has no place in our society \u2013 but especially in our elections. \u2026 I will use every resource as governor to assist local authorities in this investigation.\u201d Hillsborough Mayor Tom Stevens said, \u201cThis highly disturbing act goes far beyond vandalizing property; it willfully threatens our community\u2019s safety \u2026 and its hateful message undermines decency, respect and integrity in civic participation.\u201d Hillsborough police and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives were continuing to investigate. The incident took place in Orange County, home of the University of North Carolina in nearby Chapel Hill. The county is overwhelmingly Democratic. Democrats and independents outnumber Republicans 5-1. ALL SAFE IN ORANGE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA. With you all the way, will never forget. Now we have to win. Proud of you all! @NCGOP\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016 Animals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016 Thank you Mr. @realDonaldTrump. We will not be silenced nor suppressed by this evil act. We will pray for those who seek to harm us.\u2014 NCGOP (@NCGOP) October 16, 2016 While Democrats condemned the bombing, Trump tweeted: \u201cAnimals representing Hillary Clinton and Dems in North Carolina just firebombed our office in Orange County because we are winning @NCGOP.\u201d But Clinton\u2019s campaign tweeted, \u201cThe attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.\u201d The North Carolina Republican Party responded, \u201cThank you for your thoughts &amp; prayers, Sec. @HillaryClinton.\u201d Later, the party responded to Trump, \u201cThank you Mr. @realDonaldTrump. We will not be silenced nor suppressed by this evil act. We will pray for those who seek to harm us.\u201d The attack on the Orange County HQ @NCGOP office is horrific and unacceptable. Very grateful that everyone is safe.\u2014 Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 16, 2016 Thank you for your thoughts &amp; prayers, Sec. @HillaryClinton.\u2014 NCGOP (@NCGOP) October 16, 2016 North Carolina Democratic Party Chair Patsy Keever called the bombing \u201coutrageous.\u201d \u201cThe North Carolina Democratic Party strongly condemns this attack,\u201d she said. \u201cViolence has no place in our political system. \u2026 Our deepest sympathies are with everyone at the North Carolina Republican Party.\u201d Democratic Attorney General Roy Cooper tweeted, \u201cViolence has no place in our democracy and can not be tolerated. The culprits must be caught and brought to justice.\u201d Dallas Woodhouse, executive director of the state GOP, called the bombing \u201cpolitical terrorism.\u201d \u201cThe office itself is a total loss,\u201d he said. \u201cThe only thing important to us is that nobody was killed, and they very well could have been.\u201d Later, Woodhouse said, \u201cWhether you are Republican, Democrat or Independent, all Americans should be outraged by this hate-filled and violent attack against our democracy. \u2026 Everyone in this country should be free to express their political viewpoints without fear for their own safety.\u201d The flaming bottle, which Woodhouse described as a significant Molotov cocktail, and bomb, was thrown through a window that bore the words \u201cFreedom spoken here.\u201d \u201cThis is a horrific, horrific act of political terrorism, one that we will not succumb to and one that we will answer,\u201d he said. \u201cWhen people try to stifle freedom of speech and freedom of assembly, you must come back with more speech and aggressively defend your rights.\u201d Woodhouse also mentioned the graffiti that said \u201cNazi Republicans leave town or else.\u201d \u201cOr else what? That is what we all wonder, or else what,\u201d he said. \u201cBecause we\u2019re not going anywhere.\u201d Woodhouse said a van had already been brought in from Durham, and campaigners would go back to work in the heavily Democratic county. Volunteer Bob Randall was there to clean up Sunday. He said he believes that the bombing was an act of political terrorism and that it would get people angry and motivated to vote Republican. \u201cThe idea is to intimidate us, to make us crawl back in the shadows,\u201d he said. \u201cBut I think it\u2019s going to backfire on them.\u201d The incident comes barely three weeks before an election marked by heightened tensions and passion on both sides. On Sunday the Bangor Daily News reported that about 20 cars were vandalized with spray paint outside a Saturday rally for GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump. Earlier this year violence broke out with protesters at a Trump rally in Chicago. And one protester was sucker-punched at a Trump rally in Fayetteville. \u201cYou hope (the firebombing) is an isolated incident,\u201d said Ferrel Guillory, a political analyst at UNC Chapel Hill. \u201cIt always happens that toward the end of the campaign, emotions get both frayed and intensified.\u201d The Rev. William J. Barber, president of the North Carolina NAACP, condemned the act. Barber told the Associated Press, \u201cWhile vigorous debate on issues is acceptable, we in the NAACP denounce any kind of violence that is perpetrated toward our citizens or any political party.\u201d Woodhouse said he\u2019s sending an advisory to county Republican offices across the state warning them to take extra caution. Anyone with information is asked to call the police department\u2019s tip line at 919-732-3975. The (Raleigh) News &amp; Observer\u2019s Chris Cioffi and The Associated Press contributed. Jim Morrill: 704-358-5059, @jimmorrill", "label": 0, "id": 372}
{"text": "North Korean leader Kim Jong Un said Saturday the second flight test of an intercontinental ballistic missile demonstrated his country can hit the U.S. According to analysts, North Korea's missiles would be capable of reaching Los Angeles, New York or Chicago. The Korean Central News Agency said Kim expressed \"great satisfaction\" with the test. The Pentagon confirmed Friday morning that North Korea launched another ballistic missile. \"We are assessing and will have more information soon,\" said Navy Capt. Jeff Davis, a Pentagon spokesman. Japanese government spokesperson Yoshihide Suga said the missile flew for roughly 45 minutes and landed off the Japanese coast in waters near Japan and the Korean Peninsula. Japanese public broadcaster NHK said the coast guard has issued safety warnings to aircraft and ships. The launch occurred one day after Congress approved a legislative package that includes economic sanctions against North Korea. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said the projectile may have landed in the sea. He also confined that he has confirmed a meeting of the National Security Council. \u201cI have received information that North Korea once again conducted a missile firing. We will immediately analyze information and do our utmost to protect the safety of the Japanese people.\u201d The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 512}
{"text": "Dear Lefties: It\u2019s official! You are very special, according to science. Throughout history, being left-handed has been viewed as a weakness or something to overcome. Heck, just 20 years ago, studies said that left-handed people die sooner and were prone to more accidents. Why? It\u2019s not your fault, lefties\u2014you\u2019re living in a world built for right-handed people! Doors are made for the right hand. Simple household items like scissors and can openers are made for the right hand. Even writing can be more of a challenge for lefties. But studies have revealed some interesting facts about left-handedness. And, it turns out, there are some serious perks to being a leftie\u2014including a higher likelihood of excelling at sports and better problem-solving skills (take that, righties!). Read on for some fun facts about and great perks of being left-handed. San Diego Padres v Arizona Diamondbacks by Darin Wallentine / Getty Images Sport 1. We Don\u2019t Know Why Left-Handed People Exist In spite of a good deal of research over the years, there still isn\u2019t a definitive answer as to why some humans are left-handed. It could be partly hereditary from the mother\u2019s side of the family tree. Another theory is that if there is more testosterone in the womb, there\u2019s a greater chance the baby will be left-handed. In one study, twins were twice as likely to be left-handed as compared to the rest of the world. 2. We Don\u2019t Know Exactly How Many Left-Handed People Are On Earth Various studies estimate that between 5 and 26 percent of the population is left-handed. But those numbers vary depending on culture and region being studied. Flickr | Dave Haygarth RELATED: Here are some more things you might not know about left-handed people: 3. Lefties Are More Likely To Be Good At Sports About 25 percent of all MLB players are left-handed (or \u201csouthpaws\u201d). And baseball\u2019s not the only sport that\u2019s advantageous for lefties. Interactive sports like tennis give lefties the upper hand. In fact, one report showed a whopping 40 percent of top tennis players are left-handed. Since left-handed athletes\u2019 movements are different, opponents aren\u2019t used to reacting to them. Athletes are built on routines, and when you disrupt their routine, it throws off their game. 4. Left-Handedness Has Never Become Extinct Back in the day, left-handed students were forced to write with their right hands in an attempt to correct what was seen as a problem. Even with these questionable practices going on, the trait of left-handedness has not died. Instead of survival of the fittest, left-handedness is sort of a \u201csurvival of the unexpected.\u201d For instance, in primitive cultures, 27 percent of people living in war-like regions were left-handed, compared to 3 percent in peaceful regions. Perhaps that\u2019s because the right-handed fighters never saw the left hook coming. Flickr | Denise Krebs 5. Left-Handers Are Better Problem Solvers Scientists believe lefties are better at divergent thinking, or coming up with multiple solutions to a problem. As a result, they are more likely than right-handed counterparts to pursue careers in science, art and technology. Famous lefties who made names for themselves in those fields include Marie Curie, Ludwig Van Beethoven, Pablo Picasso, Bob Dylan, Paul McCartney, Bill Gates, Julia Roberts, Angelina Jolie, Nicole Kidman and Jean-Paul Gaultier\u2014an impressive lineup! amfAR Los Angeles 2017 - Arrivals by Frazer Harrison / Getty Images Entertainment 6. Left-Handedness Can Be Predicted Before Birth Doctors can tell if a baby is left-handed through ultrasound. Most babies, or 90 percent of them, move their right arm and suck on their right thumbin the womb. That other 10 percent? Future lefties! Flickr | DebMomOf3 7. Lefties Are In Very Good Company While studies about whether left-handed people are officially \u201cbetter\u201d thinkers are inconclusive, there is anecdotal evidence that lefties are very smart. Famous left-handed brainiacs include Albert Einstein, President Barack Obama, Bill Gates, as mentioned above, and Neil Armstrong. Not bad company to keep! 8. Most Left-Handed People Are Born In Late Spring To Early Summer One study showed that most lefties were born between March and July. From this information, we can deduce that most lefties were conceived between June and October. As to what this indicates, well, researchers aren\u2019t quite there yet\u2014but it is an interesting finding nonetheless! Above All: Pink by 31246066@N04 / Ian Sane", "label": 0, "id": 543}
{"text": "Warning: Image below is NSFW. Lena Dunham has always used sexuality to drive a conversation about real-world issues, and that was evident with her Halloween costume. On Monday night, the \u201cGirls\u201d creator and star posted on Instagram this photo of what she was dressing as for Halloween: That\u2019s right, she went out as a \u201cGrabbed P\u2014y,\u201d as she called it. She\u2019s of course referring to the now-infamous remark Donald Trump made while shooting a segment for Access Hollywood back in 2005, which leaked in October. \u201cI know that hearing those words was painful for everybody,\u201d she told People of the inspiration behind the costume. \u201cI think women, and people of colour, and Muslims who have been searched at the airport, and transpeople who have been denied their rights, all know what it feels like to have their body taken from them. Those comments aren\u2019t just about women \u2014 they were about everyone whose body is treated like the property of other people.\u201d NOW WATCH: Briefing videos Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.", "label": 0, "id": 330}
{"text": "Miss America Organization Chairman and CEO Sam Haskell speaks to the media during a press conference in 2014. (AP Press of Atlantic City, Edward Lea) (Newser) \u2013 Miss America chairman and CEO Sam Haskell resigned Saturday\u2014just a day after saying he wouldn't, the New York Daily News reports. He was joined by chairman Lynn Weidner, president and COO Josh Randle, and board member Tammy Haddad. The resignations of Miss America leadership come after HuffPo published internal emails Thursday that feature Haskell calling a former Miss America winner \"fat and gross\" and joking that he's one of very few people who haven't had sex with her, according to USA Today. He also mused about renaming Miss America winners \"c--ts,\" as per the Hollywood Reporter. On Friday, Haskell was suspended pending an investigation as 49 former Miss America winners signed a petition calling on pageant leadership to resign. Haskell remained adamant that he wouldn't resign over what he said were false accusations and a \"mistake of words.\" In a statement, the Miss America Organization says Haskell's resignation will take effect immediately. Randle and Weidner will stay on for the coming weeks to \"facilitate a smooth transition.\" \"The board thanks Lynn and Sam for many years of tireless work for, and significant financial support to, both the Miss America Organization and thousands of young women,\" the statement reads. In addition, the board says it \"will be conducting an in-depth investigation\" into the emails.", "label": 0, "id": 290}
{"text": "by Walter W. Murray, reporter The easily triggered college students of the left won\u2019t let facts stand in the way of their false outrage. In a hilarious video that\u2019s going viral, students at the University of California, Santa Barbara were hopping mad over President Donald Trump\u2019s plan to send troops to the U.S.-Mexico border just 200 miles away\u2026 not knowing they were trashing former President Barack Obama, too. \u201cIt\u2019s not justified!\u201d seethed one of the students. \u201cIt is, like, a totally uncalled-for act of power.\u201d Sponsored: Did Russians \u201chack\u201d the secret to eternal energy? Another came right out and admitted to Cabot Phillips of Campus Reform, who filmed it, that \u201cI\u2019m not a huge fan of the military to begin with.\u201d The footage shows student after student steaming over the plan to increase border security. Take a look here \u2014 Americans In The Dark On Trump's Plan To End The U.S. Dollar Just one problem: The very act they\u2019re livid over \u2014 the actions they blame on Trump \u2014 are the same exact moves made by former President Barack Obama, the hero of the young leftists. When that fact is dropped on them, it leaves the liberals stunned into silence. Sponsored: Wow! Scientists discover blood pressure-improving effects of 3 common foods In 2010, Obama sent up to 1,200 troops to the border as part of the $110 million Operation Phalanx. Those troops assisted border patrol with more than 17,0 apprehensions of people caught trying to cross illegally. They also intercepted massive amounts of drugs, including 56,342 pounds of marijuana with a street value of more than $100 million. Liberals didn\u2019t make a peep at the time! Sponsored: Is this Ronald Reagan\u2019s secret cancer cure? When told that Obama did the same thing, these young leftists were left stammering and one was literally speechless. They couldn\u2019t approve the move because Trump did it \u2014 but they couldn\u2019t condemn it anymore, either, since their hero did the same thing. \u201cThat\u2019s kind surprising,\u201d was the best response one of the students could manage. \u201cPeople have been so conditioned to think anytime they hear \u2018President Trump\u2019 they have to oppose it,\u201d Phillips observed in a Fox News interview. \u201cThey\u2019re taught in the classroom, they\u2019re taught by society and the media, it must be horrible, it must be racist.\u201d Sponsored: Did you see this news? It\u2019s not just Obama did the same thing. California Gov. Jerry Brown has also authorized sending National Guard troops to the border both during the Obama administration and now again under Trump. While his most recent act also involved sending a sulky letter filled with textbook liberal gripes, he also was forced to admit that National Guard troops play an essential role in U.S. border security. \u201cYour funding for new staffing will allow the Guard to do what it does best: support operations targeting transnational criminal gangs, human traffickers and illegal firearm and drug smugglers along the border, the coast and throughout the state,\u201d Brown admitted in the letter to Trump. \u201cCombating these criminal threats are priorities for all Americans \u2014 Republicans and Democrats.\u201d For your eyes only (personal matter) [sponsored] Quote that letter to the left \u2013 tell them Trump said it \u2013 and you can bet they would take to the streets. Resist! Just don\u2019t ask them who or what they\u2019re resisting because clearly, they don\u2019t know. \u2014 Walter W. Murray is a reporter for The Horn News. He is an outspoken conservative and a survival expert, and is the author of \u201c America\u2019s Final Warning.\u201d Watch This Breakthrough Tech Soar This Year!", "label": 1, "id": 539}
{"text": "The King County executive shared strong words as conservative, pro-Trump group known as \u201cPatriot Prayer\u201d descended on downtown Seattle in the wake of violent clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia. Demonstrators billed its \u201cfreedom rally\" supported freedom and free speech. Executive Dow Constantine issued this statement as the demonstration was underway Sunday afternoon: \u201cTo the white supremacists and fascists who gathered today at Westlake Center under the false pretense of patriotism the day after the violence that a similar group sparked in Charlottesville, I have a message to share on behalf of the people of King County.\u201d \u201cWe fought a Civil War against slavery, and you lost. We fought a World War against fascism, and you lost. Today, we stand united against the hateful rhetoric you have brought to our community. And you will lose again.\u201d &gt;&gt; See photos from the demonstration here Other Washington state leaders, including Sen. Patty Murray, condemned the actions and made a call for people to \"stand up and fight back.\" Who is Patriot Prayer? Portland-based Patriot Prayer\u2019s Facebook event on its rally didn\u2019t give clear reasons on why people were demonstrating. But the event page listed a variety of items the group claimed it was worried about \u2013 including sexual allegations against the Seattle mayor and what the group called \u201ccommunist ideologies.\u201d Leader Joey Gibson started the rally with the Pledge of Allegiance and a prayer asking for peace on the West Coast. Speakers in the rally called the Charlottesville incident an act of terrorism, said that white supremacists were not welcome at their event, and asked anyone who attended for racist reasons to leave. Gibson, who hosted a Patriot Prayer event earlier in the summer at The Evergreen State College, spoke to KIRO Radio on Monday and further spoke on his group's message. He said that he was not at Westlake Park to preach hate. \u201cI have no idea what the hell they\u2019re thinking about [this weekend] with the torches, David Duke and [Richard] Spencer, but I do not stand with that. The whole thing. I don\u2019t understand what the hell happened yesterday. But they did it on purpose to tear apart this country,\u201d Gibson told KIRO Radio. Activists counterprotest 'freedom rally' The \u201cfreedom rally\" message was met by boos in the crowd as counterprotesters with the \u201csolidarity met by hate\u201d demonstration converged. \"We don't want fascism in America,\" said counter-protester Mave Bowman, who lives in Los Angeles. \"We don't tolerate violence like what happened [this weekend] so this is our way of saying no to like the Trump regime.\" Counterprotesters marched from Denny Park through downtown Seattle to Westlake Park, but many of those protesters were prevented from reaching the \"freedom rally\" location. But some counter-protesters made it. A barricade separated the groups of protesters in downtown Seattle. Police officers stood by dressed in black, riot gear. Police said they used pepper spray and blast balls to disperse crowds after fireworks were thrown at officers. Three people were arrested: a 40-year-old man for obstruction, a 37-year-old man for assault and a 25-year old man for assault. Council member Mike O'Brien expressed frustration over the crowd being kept away from Westlake Park. \"Why weren't the demonstrators not allowed to get to Westlake Park?\" O'Brien said. \"I don't know what the call was. I'm not in a position to second-guess that at the moment.\" Demonstrations respond nationwide in wake of Charlottesville Seattle was just one of the cities in the United States on Sunday that had protesters decrying hate and racism. In Charlottesville over the weekend, neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members and other white nationalists gathered to \"take America back\" and oppose plans to remove a Confederate statue in the Virginia college town, and hundreds of other people came to protest the rally. The groups clashed in street brawls, with hundreds of people throwing punches, hurling water bottles and beating each other with sticks and shields. Eventually, a car rammed into a peaceful crowd of anti-white-nationalist protesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer. A Virginia State Police helicopter deployed in a large-scale response to the violence then crashed into the woods outside of town. Both troopers on board died. President Donald Trump condemned what he called an \"egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides,\" a statement that Democrats and some of the president's fellow Republicans saw as equivocating about who was to blame. The White House later added that the condemnation \"includes white Supremacists, K, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.\" Some of the white nationalists at Saturday's rally cited Trump's victory, after a campaign of racially charged rhetoric, as validation for their beliefs. Some of the people protesting Sunday also point to the president and his campaign, saying they gave license to racist hatred that built into what happened in Charlottesville. The Associated Press contributed to this report. \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 444}
{"text": "Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft on the outrage over the Clinton email investigation. With FBI Director James Comey announcing the investigation into Hillary Clinton\u2019s email scandal would be reopened, Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft weighs in on the backlash as well as the political fallout as Election Day quickly approaches. \u201cWell, first of all, I\u2019m deeply saddened by what\u2019s happened by the Justice Department,\u201d Ashcroft told the FOX Business Network\u2019s Neil Cavuto. Ashcroft then brought up claims that the Department of Justice blocked the FBI from using many of the investigative tools available to it in its investigation of the Clinton Foundation. \u201cThere\u2019s been a pervasive perversion of the Justice Department process over and over again and recent reports like in The Wall Street Journal that suggest that, not only suggest, allege that the Justice Department has denied investigative tools to be used in investigations related to the Clinton Foundation and frankly, the absence of the use of tools that should have been used in the initial investigation of Hillary Clinton.\u201d As a result, Ashcroft explained, \u201cThe Justice Department sent the FBI in to investigate the Clinton Foundation with its hands tied behind its back.\u201d The fact that the investigation is being reopened now, so close to the election, was not a surprise to Ashcroft, but the result of stonewalling by Hillary Clinton and her staffers. \u201cThis isn\u2019t an October surprise in my judgment, this is the continuity of an issue which had been stonewalled, for which information had been requested which was not fully given and there was an erroneous statement earlier, much to the acclaim of the people who did the stonewalling, that the investigation was over.\u201d According to Ashcroft, it is unfair for the Clinton campaign to blame the FBI for the timing of the announcement when the campaign\u2019s stonewalling is ultimately at fault due to its lack of transparency and delays in providing information requested. \u201cThere\u2019s a sense in which it\u2019s a little disingenuous to be complaining about information coming out late when you are the cause of the information coming out late because of a significant stonewalling effort that\u2019s been unfortunately facilitated by the way in which the Attorney General and others have allowed this particular investigation to be conducted.\u201d Ashcroft viewed this investigation as damaging the credibility of the Justice Department he once knew. \u201cThis is not the Justice Department that I knew, in which I trusted, which I admired.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 399}
{"text": "Daily Look \u5728\u8fd9\u7cdf\u7cd5\u7684\u4e00\u5468\u7ed3\u675f\u505a\u4e00\u4e2a\u5b69\u5b50 \u8fd9\u4e00\u5468\u5b9e\u5728\u592a\u7cdf\u7cd5\u4e86\uff0c\u6bcf\u5929\u6253\u5f00\u624b\u673a\u90fd\u4f1a\u89c9\u5f97\u8fd9\u4e2a\u4e16\u754c\u5df2\u7ecf\u75af\u4e86\u3002\u65e0\u8bba\u56fd\u5185\u8fd8\u662f\u56fd\u5916\u90fd\u9677\u5165\u4e86\u65e0\u6b62\u5c3d\u7684\u6df7\u4e71\uff0c\u7cdf\u7cd5\u7684\u5929\u6c14\u4e5f\u5e76\u6ca1\u6709\u8d77\u5230\u4efb\u4f55\u8c03\u5242\u7684\u4f5c\u7528\u3002\u5728\u8fd9\u4e00\u5468\u7684\u6700\u540e\u4e00\u5929\uff0c\u7a7f\u7684\u50cf\u4e00\u4e2a\u65e0\u5fe7\u65e0\u8651\u7684\u7537\u5b69\u5b50\u5427\uff0c\u6574\u8eab\u725b\u4ed4\u5e03\u7684 Loewe \u914d\u4e0a\u4e00\u53cc\u62d6\u978b\uff0c\u7528\u6253\u626e\u6765\u9003\u79bb\u8fd9\u4e2a\u75af\u72c2\u7684\u4e16\u754c\u3002 \u5982\u679c\u4f60\u8db3\u591f\u770b\u7684\u5f00\uff0c\u4e5f\u53ef\u4ee5\u7528\u8fd9\u4e2a\u76ae\u62d6\u978b\u8e29\u6c34\u3002 \u8bbe\u8ba1 \u8d8a\u6765\u8d8a\u5f2f\u7684\u4e09\u661f \u8fd1\u65e5\uff0c\u4e09\u661f\u516c\u5e03\u4e24\u9879\u4e13\u5229\u3002\u5176\u4e2d\u4e00\u9879\u662f\u901a\u8fc7\u5229\u7528\u9762\u677f\u548c\u7535\u6781\u7ec4\u6210\u7684\u201c\u4eba\u9020\u808c\u8089\u201d\uff0c\u8ba9\u667a\u80fd\u624b\u673a\u5373\u4f7f\u88ab\u6298\u53e0\u6210\u4e86\u4e0d\u540c\u7684\u5916\u5f62\uff0c\u4ecd\u7136\u53ef\u4ee5\u5229\u7528\u5185\u90e8\u63a7\u5236\u5668\u5bf9\u7535\u538b\u8fdb\u884c\u63a7\u5236\uff0c\u8ba9\u624b\u673a\u53ef\u4ee5\u88ab\u4f7f\u7528\u3002\u53e6\u5916\u4e00\u4e2a\u6298\u53e0\u5c4f\u5e55\u7684\u4e13\u5229\uff0c\u5c55\u793a\u4e86\u53cc\u5c4f\u6298\u53e0\u7684\u8bbe\u8ba1\u3002 \u90e8\u5206\u9886\u57df\u4e09\u661f\u786e\u5b9e\u8d70\u5728\u4e86\u524d\u9762\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u6298\u53e0\u7684\u610f\u4e49\u662f\uff1f \u6982\u5ff5 \u5965\u8fea\u6838\u52a8\u529b\u6982\u5ff5\u8f66 \u6765\u81ea\u4fc4\u7f57\u65af\u7684\u6c7d\u8f66\u8bbe\u8ba1\u5e08 Grigory Gorin \u8bbe\u8ba1\u4e86\u4e00\u6b3e\u7279\u522b\u7684\u5965\u8fea\u6982\u5ff5\u8f66\u3002\u5728\u201c\u6050\u6016\u4f0a\u4e07\u201d\u7684\u8bbe\u8ba1\u4e2d\uff0c\u8fd9\u6b3e\u8f66\u642d\u8f7d\u7684\u662f\u6838\u52a8\u529b\u7cfb\u7edf\u3002\u8fd9\u6b3e\u6982\u5ff5\u8f66\u7684\u540d\u79f0\u4e3a Mesarthim F-Tron Quattro\uff0c\u5728\u540e\u8f74\u524d\u65b9\u5b89\u88c5\u4e86\u4e00\u5957\u6838\u52a8\u529b\u88c5\u7f6e\uff0c\u8be5\u88c5\u7f6e\u4ea7\u751f\u7684\u7535\u80fd\u4e3a\u7535\u6c60\u5145\u7535\uff0c\u6700\u540e\u7531\u7535\u6c60\u4e3a\u7535\u673a\u4f9b\u7535\u3002 \u5f00\u7740\u8fd9\u8f86\u8f66\u4e0a\u8857\uff0c\u7edd\u5bf9\u6240\u6709\u4eba\u90fd\u7ed5\u7740\u8d70\u3002 \u5546\u4e1a \u6628\u5929\u4e0b\u5348\uff0c\u9488\u5bf9\u505c\u6b62\u70e7\u94b1\u5927\u6218\u751a\u81f3\u8fdb\u884c\u5408\u5e76\u7684\u4f20\u8a00\uff0c\u6ef4\u6ef4\u548c UBER \u4e2d\u56fd\u90fd\u6b63\u5f0f\u7ed9\u4e88\u5426\u8ba4\u3002\u6ef4\u6ef4\u5b98\u65b9\u8868\u793a\uff0c\u6211\u4eec\u5e76\u65e0\u5c06 UBER \u4e2d\u56fd\u5e76\u5165\u6ef4\u6ef4\u8fd9\u79cd\u7c7b\u4f3c\u8ba1\u5212\uff0c\u4e5f\u4e0d\u5bf9\u5e02\u573a\u6d41\u8a00\u505a\u8fc7\u591a\u8bc4\u8bba\u3002UBER \u4e2d\u56fd\u65b9\u9762\u5219\u8868\u793a\u5bf9\u8c23\u8a00\u548c\u63e3\u6d4b\u4e0d\u4e88\u7f6e\u8bc4\u3002 \u4e5f\u53ef\u80fd\u662f\u56e0\u4e3a\u540d\u5b57\u7684\u95ee\u9898\uff0c\u201c\u6b65\u6ef4\u201d\u3001\u201c\u6ef4\u6b65\u201d\u90fd\u591f\u96be\u542c\u7684\u4e86\u3002 \u4e92\u8054\u7f51 \u661f\u5df4\u514b\u7684\u5f69\u8679\u8272\u996e\u6599 \u5728\u4e0d\u5230\u4e00\u4e2a\u6708\u7684\u65f6\u95f4\u91cc\uff0c\u661f\u5df4\u514b\u7684\u5f69\u8679\u8272\u996e\u6599\u5728\u4e92\u8054\u7f51\u4e0a\u76f8\u5173\u8bdd\u9898\u6570\u5df2\u7ecf\u8d85\u8fc7\u4e86\u767e\u4e07\uff0c\u53ef\u662f\u5728\u83dc\u5355\u4e0a\u6211\u4eec\u5374\u627e\u4e0d\u5230\u5b83\u4eec\u3002\u867d\u7136\u661f\u5df4\u514b\u7684\u201c\u79d8\u5bc6\u83dc\u5355\u201d\u6211\u4eec\u90fd\u5f88\u719f\u6089\uff0c\u4f46\u8fd9\u6b21\u5c31\u8fde\u661f\u5df4\u514b\u7684\u5496\u5561\u5e08\u4e5f\u4e00\u5934\u96fe\u6c34\u5e76\u4e14\u5728\u793e\u4ea4\u5e73\u53f0\u4e0a\u8be2\u95ee\uff1a\u201c\u6211\u4eec\u8be5\u5bf9\u4e00\u676f\u6a59\u8272\u7279\u996e\u6536\u591a\u5c11\u94b1\uff1f\u201d\u4e0d\u8fc7\uff0c\u770b\u5230\u5f69\u8679\u996e\u6599\u8fd9\u4e48\u53d7\u6b22\u8fce\u540e\uff0c\u661f\u5df4\u514b\u8fd8\u662f\u5728\u4e0d\u4e45\u524d\u63d0\u4f9b\u4e86\u4e00\u4efd\u5b98\u65b9\u7684\u914d\u65b9\u3002 \u661f\u5df4\u514b\u6700\u540e\u770b\u4e0a\u53bb\u50cf\u662f\u56de\u5e94\u6d88\u8d39\u9700\u6c42\u800c\u7ed9\u51fa\u7684\u5404\u79cd\u989c\u8272\u996e\u6599\u914d\u65b9\uff0c\u4e5f\u592a\u5feb\u4e86\u5427\uff1f Insider Trump \u7684\u526f\u4e1a \u9664\u4e86\u7ade\u9009\u603b\u7edf\uff0cDonald Trump \u8fd8\u80fd\u5e72\u5417\uff1f\u4ed6\u4eb2\u81ea\u53c2\u4e0e\u8bbe\u8ba1\u4e00\u5757\u624b\u8868\u300248mm \u7684\u8868\u76d8\uff0c\u5370\u6ee1\u4e86 Trump \u7684 Logo\uff0c\u91c7\u752818K\u9ec4\u91d1\u6253\u9020\uff0c\u552e\u4ef7100\u4e07\u7f8e\u91d1\uff0c\u8868\u80cc\u6709\u4ed6\u7684\u7b7e\u540d\u523b\u5b57\u3002\u5bf9\u4e8e\u672c\u6b21\u8bbe\u8ba1\uff0cTrump \u672c\u4eba\u6ee1\u610f\u5230\u4e0d\u5f97\u4e86\uff0c\u8fde\u7740\u8bf4\u51fa\u4e09\u6b21\u201cGreat\u201d\u80af\u5b9a\u4e86\u81ea\u5df1\u5728\u8155\u8868\u8bbe\u8ba1\u4e0a\u7684\u597d\u54c1\u5473\u3002\u5f53\u7136\u4ed6\u672c\u4eba\u4e5f\u662f\u9ec4\u91d1\u8868\u6b3e\u7684\u5fe0\u5b9e\u7231\u597d\u8005\uff0c\u767e\u8fbe\u7fe1\u4e3d\u3001\u52b3\u529b\u58eb\u7b49\u53ea\u8981\u662f\u9ec4\u91d1\u6b3e\u7684\uff0c\u90fd\u88ab\u4ed6\u6234\u4e0a\u8fc7\u624b\u8155\u5b50\u3002\u6bd4\u8d77\u514b\u6797\u987f\u3001\u5965\u5df4\u9a6c\u7b49\u7f8e\u56fd\u9886\u5bfc\u4eba\u5728\u8d2d\u8868\u4e0a\u9009\u7684\u5e73\u6c11\u6b3e\uff08\u51e0\u767e\u7f8e\u91d1\u5de6\u53f3\uff09\uff0cTrump \u8868\u793a\uff1a\u6211\u9009\u62e9\uff0c\u6211\u559c\u6b22\u3002 \u9ec4\u91d1\uff0c\u81ea\u53e4\u5bcc\u5546\u4eec\u7684\u901a\u7528\u5ba1\u7f8e\u6807\u5fd7\u3002 \u6742\u5fd7 \u534a\u4e2a\u4e16\u7eaa\u524d\u7684\u6742\u5fd7\u6587\u7ae0 \u4e9a\u9a6c\u900a\u6700\u8fd1\u4e0a\u7ebf\u4e86\u4e00\u4e2a\u65b0\u7684\u4f5c\u54c1\u7c7b\u522b Singles Classics\uff0c\u5b83\u53ef\u4ee5\u8ba9\u4f60\u8bfb\u5230\u6765\u81ea\u6742\u5fd7\u548c\u6587\u96c6\u4e2d\u7684\u7ecf\u5178\u77ed\u6587\u3002\u5177\u4f53\u6765\u8bf4\uff0cKindle \u627e\u5230\u6563\u843d\u5728\u5404\u7c7b\u671f\u520a\u4e2d\u7684\u77e5\u540d\u8bba\u6587\u3001\u65b0\u95fb\u62a5\u9053\uff0c\u5c06\u5b83\u4eec\u5355\u72ec\u4e0a\u67b6\u3002\u73b0\u5728\u8fd9\u4e2a\u7c7b\u522b\u5305\u542b\u6709140\u7bc7\u6587\u7ae0\uff0c\u6765\u81ea\u300a\u65f6\u4ee3\u5468\u520a\u300b\u3001\u300a\u540d\u5229\u573a\u300b\u3001\u300a\u5927\u897f\u6d0b\u6708\u520a\u300b\u3001\u300a\u7ebd\u7ea6\u5ba2\u300b\u3001\u300a\u82b1\u82b1\u516c\u5b50\u300b\u2026\u2026\u5b83\u4eec\u7684\u5e74\u4ee3\u4e45\u8fdc\uff0c\u6709\u4e9b\u751a\u81f3\u53d1\u8868\u4e8e\u4e0a\u4e16\u7eaa60\u5e74\u4ee3\u3002 \u8fd9\u5bf9\u6742\u5fd7\u51fa\u7248\u5546\u4e5f\u8bb8\u662f\u4e2a\u597d\u4e8b\u3002 \u9884\u544a \u4fa6\u63a2\u76ae\u5361\u4e18 \u4f20\u5947\u5f71\u4e1a\u83b7\u5f97\u4e86\u300a\u53e3\u888b\u5996\u602a\u300b\u771f\u4eba\u7535\u5f71\u7684\u62cd\u6444\u6743\uff0c\u4f46\u6545\u4e8b\u53ef\u80fd\u548c\u6211\u4eec\u60f3\u8c61\u4e2d\u7684\u4e0d\u592a\u4e00\u6837\u3002\u7535\u5f71\u5c06\u57fa\u4e8e\u201c\u4fa6\u63a2\u76ae\u5361\u4e18\u201d\u7684\u6545\u4e8b\u5c55\u5f00\uff0c\u4f46\u662f\u5173\u4e8e\u5f71\u7247\u7684\u5176\u4ed6\u7ec6\u8282\u5747\u5904\u4e8e\u4fdd\u5bc6\u4e4b\u4e2d\u3002\u636e\u6089\uff0c\u5f71\u7247\u5c06\u4e8e2017\u5e74\u5f00\u59cb\u5236\u4f5c\u3002 \u4e00\u60f3\u5230\u76ae\u5361\u4e18\u662f\u4e3b\u89d2\uff0c\u8fd8\u662f\u771f\u4eba\u7248\uff0c\u4e0d\u7981\u5fc3\u5934\u4e00\u51c9\u3002 \u91cc\u7ea6\u5b89\u5168\u7684\u65b0\u95ee\u9898 \u91cc\u7ea6\u5965\u8fd0\u4f1a\u5728\u5373\uff0c\u8fd1\u65e5\uff0c\u81ea\u79f0\u201c\u5df4\u897f\u54c8\u91cc\u53d1\u56fd\u201d\u7684\u7ec4\u7ec7\u5c06 ISIS \u9996\u9886\u5df4\u683c\u8fbe\u8fea\u79f0\u4f5c\u201c\u4fe1\u4f17\u7684\u57c3\u7c73\u5c14\uff0c\u7a46\u65af\u6797\u7684\u54c8\u91cc\u53d1\u201d\uff0c\u5e76\u627f\u8bfa\u5c06\u5b8c\u5168\u670d\u4ece\u4ed6\uff0c\u5efa\u7acb\u53cd\u6297\u201c\u654c\u4eba\u201d\u7684\u201c\u5b89\u62c9\u7684\u5b97\u6559\u201d\u3002\u9762\u5bf9\u4e0a\u8ff0\u60c5\u51b5\uff0c\u5df4\u897f\u60c5\u62a5\u673a\u6784\u8ba4\u4e3a\uff0c\u6781\u7aef\u6050\u6016\u6559\u4e49\u7684\u4f20\u64ad\u4ee5\u53ca\u9488\u5bf9\u8bb2\u8461\u8404\u7259\u8bed\u7684\u53d7\u4f17\uff0c\u8fd9\u4e9b\u90fd\u589e\u52a0\u4e86\u53cd\u6050\u7684\u590d\u6742\u6027\u3002 \u91cc\u7ea6\u521a\u521a\u524a\u51cf\u4e86\u5965\u8fd0\u4f1a\u671f\u95f4\u7684\u5b89\u4fdd\u9884\u7b97\u2026\u800c\u4e14\u636e\u6089\uff0c\u91cc\u7ea6\u7684\u8b66\u5bdf\u5df2\u7ecf\u6709\u4e94\u4e2a\u6708\u6ca1\u62ff\u5230\u5de5\u8d44\u4e86\u3002 \u4f53\u80b2 \u8d1d\u514b\u6c49\u59c6\u7684\u65b0\u5f71\u7247 \u8d1d\u514b\u6c49\u59c6\u4e3a\u5929\u7a7a\u4f53\u80b2\u62cd\u6444\u5168\u65b0\u9884\u544a\u7247\u3002\u5728\u5f71\u7247\u4e2d\uff0c\u5c0f\u8d1d\u76f4\u63a5\u5728\u6668\u8dd1\u4e2d\u7ecf\u5386\u4e00\u5e74\u56db\u5b63\uff0c\u8fd8\u65f6\u4e0d\u65f6\u505c\u4e0b\u6765\u8ddf\u7403\u8ff7\u4e00\u8d77\u5e86\u795d\u80dc\u5229\uff0c\u5728\u4eba\u7fa4\u4e2d\u5404\u79cd\u95ea\u907f\u52a8\u4f5c\u3002\u53e6\u5916\uff0c\u5728\u5f71\u7247\u4e2d\u8fd8\u51fa\u73b0\u4e86\u4ed6\u7ecf\u5178\u7684\u6293\u91d1\u53d1\u52a8\u4f5c\u3002 \u4f46\u662f\u6700\u540e\u5374\u88ab\u72d7\u72d7\u72c2\u8ffd\u2026\u2026", "label": 0, "id": 410}
{"text": "Imgur | floridali There's a sweet sense of justice when people get exactly what they had coming to them. It's like even the universe is rooting against jerks, along with all of us. All of these people are going to think twice next time they try something that turns us into the eye roll emoji. 1. The girl who thought she was being so clever with bunny ears. Reddit | Eeli100 And yet she had no idea that her own hand was betraying her! In the end, she just gave herself bunny ears. 2. The person who hit this car and took off. Reddit | Nugkill But left their license plate on the car that they hit! What justice is this? Pretty sure they will never hit and run again. 3. The couple that dined and dashed. Reddit | indasheets247 But left their really expensive sunglasses at the table. Also, dining and dashing on a $25 bill? Really? What kind of sick people do such things! 4. The person who hit this car. Reddit | Roxchic \" Runs after hitting my car in parking lot. Workers get info and call the police. She gets caught because she ran out of GAS. Received two tickets as she only had a permit.\" 5. The person who tried to steal this bike. Imgur | 33sphinx33 Little did they know they were stealing from a genius. This girl had truly the perfect plan to get her bike back. Look at her proud smile! 6. The brother who totally tried to prank his brother. Imgur | floridali But ended up pranking himself even more. The fact that it's a donkey only makes it more hilarious. He just can't win. 7. This person, who is regretting everything right now. Reddit | xyzs \"Lava butt\" is seared into my brain and I will never be able to get it out. What a rude awakening this person is in for. 8. The parking enforcer who get a parking ticket. Reddit | elvijar007 If you live in a city where parking enforcers are basically walking panic attack-inducing humans, then this is truly a welcome sight. 9. The person who thought to put a sign pointing to where the rock slides happen. Reddit | poolguy4208 And the sign then being crushed by said rock slides. Whoops. It's almost a better warning though. 10. The person who decided to obstruct the garbage truck. Reddit | h0pfenbrei Don't ever mess with garbage men! They definitely showed this person up and I'm here for it. Good luck getting out of that. 11. The person who decided to give their cat a bit of its own medicine. Reddit | hurricanekarina Can't help but laugh over this photo. Cats always walk across our keyboards, maybe it's time they know what it feels like! 12. The woman who most certainly regrets her attitude. Reddit | akpenguin This has to be the worst feeling in the entire world for this woman, but also the best feeling for the dude. Karma, baby! 13. The jerk who thought he was above it all. Reddit | GhostalMedia Joke's on him! Even driving a fancy car doesn't matter when it comes to cement. And trying to cut people off, to boot. 14. The person who thought they could park in a restricted area of the beach. Reddit | killermonkey87 It's restricted for a reason! Let's all hope that this car floats because they're going to have a hard time, that's for sure. 15. The guys who tried to knock someone off of their kayak with their boat. Reddit And then this happened to them. Yup, I'd say that got exactly what they had coming. 16. The guy who t-boned this car but left something important behind. Facebook | Rex Borova You know, like the one thing that could easily identify who he is. This is why you don't ever hit and run, people! 17. The guy in the truck who parked like this. Imgur | MahoRhino And the person driving the Smart car was not going to deal with that today. Smart car person is doing the work of the people. 18. Just in case you couldn't read the sign. Imgur | hiddenvalley It's also a good way to get your motorcycle run over. Worth it? 19. The wife who thought she could stop her husband from eating her candy. Reddit | rpboutdoors2 But she just put the candy in the cabinet with the plates. She deserves him eating her candy if she can't find a better hiding spot. 20. The person who did this terrible parking job. Reddit | reedburg And then got that on their tire. Oh man. When you park like that though, you absolutely deserve the boot. There's no way around it. Imgur | hilonate I hope that kid learned his lesson. Being a decent human being includes not shaming or making fun of somebody trying to better themselves. This mom is awesome. 22. This is why you shouldn't try to kick people when they are (sitting) down. Imgur | reasonpolice 23. Look who's having the last laugh. Twitter | @ElSatanico 24. This meal was NOT on the house. Imgur Don't be this guy. Does anyone else want to know what restaurant manager had the guts to post something like this? 25. Was it really worth it? Reddit | caraeeezy 26. This taxi driver plays for keeps. Reddit | KittensRawk Note: don't be a terrible human and leave your taxi driver without paying. It's stealing and you deserve whatever you have coming to you. 27. This is not the kind of bottle service you want. Reddit | Phantom0591 28. To the roommate who used more than his fair share of toilet paper, you know who you are. Imgur 29. This was (re)bound to happen. Don't worry, I'm sure she just shook it off. 30. The person who parked their bike in a parking spot. Reddit | throatfrog And then said bike was promptly thrown into the bushes. Really, though. How are you going to park your bike in a full spot? 31. This is the kind of petty I aspire to be. Not that I ever want to find myself in this situation but.you know. 32. Whoever thought harassing people through text messages was an okay thing to do, sure had it coming. Imgur 33. If Karla didn't know that Pinky shouldn't have been driving, she sure does now. Imgur 34. This person stole from Walmart and is paying the price. Consumerist 35. Or this kind of petty. It doesn't really matter to me. dailyhaha 36. I think it's safe to say that this person will not be parking in front of any more fire hydrants from now on. theCHIVE Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement", "label": 0, "id": 169}
{"text": "At least 58 people are dead and 518 more wounded after a gunman opened fire on a country music festival in Las Vegas Sunday night. The assailant opened fire with a fully automatic weapon just as Jason Aldean was beginning his show at the Route 91 Harvest Festival. Videos posted on social media show Aldean, one of the biggest names in the genre, singing as very rapid gunfire begins in the background. He can be seen running from stage as he, and the thousands in the crowd who came to see him, realized the horror of what was happening. No matter how often these tragedies occur (and it is far too often), one never goes into an event thinking it will happen then or there. The terror is unimaginable. In this case, it was also protracted. A gunman continued to rain bullets on the audience for up to two terrifying hours, reports indicate. Victims ran to safety, according to NBC News, during momentary breaks in the violence, at which point the shooter presumably reloaded. Many were trapped in the venue for what must have felt like an eternity, but police SWAT officers eventually found and killed the shooter. He was found on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Casino, Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said, and shot dead. \u201cRight now we believe it\u2019s a solo act, a lone wolf attacker,\u201d Lombardo told reporters. \u201cWe are pretty confident there is no longer a threat.\u201d The gunman has not yet been identified. Aldean said he was safe in an Instagram post early Monday, sharing an image of the city and asking for prayers for the victims: \u201cTonight has been beyond horrific. I still dont know what to say but wanted to let everyone know that Me and my Crew are safe.\" \"My Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved tonight,\u201d he wrote, clearly as stunned and traumatized as anyone else. \u201cIt hurts my heart that this would happen to anyone who was just coming out to enjoy what should have been a fun night.\u201d Aldean\u2019s wife Brittany Kerr posted her own message on Instagram, saying, \u201cWe are safe\u2026 our angels were definitely watching over us tonight.\" \"No words for what happened,\" she added. \"Just horrific. Praying for everyone.\u201d Witness accounts are what you would expect - unable to fully do justice to what happened as you read this, but terrifying nonetheless. Country star Jake Owen was one of the witnesses, having just finished his set and was still on stage when the shooting started. \u201cI was crouched down behind a cop car,\" he said. \"There was blood on people and you could see a couple of people in the streets that looked like they had been shot,\u201d Owen added. Ivetta Saldana told the Las Vegas Review-Journal, \u201cIt was was a horror show. People were standing around, then they hit the floor.\u201d Robyn Webb, who was at the concert along with her husband last night, told the newspaper, \u201cIt just kept coming. It was relentless.\u201d Authorities, meanwhile, are searching for a 62-year-old woman named Marylou Danley, whom they believe is the gunman\u2019s roommate. Police have searched a home in Mesquite, Nevada, 85 miles from Las Vegas, where it is believed the gunman lived with Danley. She is considered a person of interest in the case. UPDATE: Police have identified the assailant as Stephen Paddock, 64. He is shown above with his companion, Danley. Paddock is believed to have begun his attack around 10:00 pm local time and to have continued shooting for two hours. Police were reportedly able to locate Paddock quickly due to the smoke from his weapon setting off hotel fire detectors. Paddock's motives for the shooting remain unclear. Early reports indicate that he was not a member of any militant group. He was not known to hold extremist political or religious beliefs, though the investigation into the matter is just hours old. Danley was apprehended for questioning at 3:40 a.m. It is not currently known if she's being treated as an accomplice in the attack, or whether law enforcement simply wants to learn more. In any case, reports indicate that several guns, including at least eight rifles, were found in the room rented by Paddock and Danley. \u201cWe have no idea what his belief system was,\u201d Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said during his press briefing early this morning. More details to follow as this shocking story develops . UPDATE: The death toll is now 58 and climbing, according to an ABC News report, with more than 518 people wounded. Expect that to tragically rise as the day progresses.", "label": 0, "id": 125}
{"text": "One lucky person is about to be a few hundred million dollars richer. A massive $447.8 million jackpot is up for grabs for the lucky person who picked the winning numbers. The winning numbers are: 20, 26, 32, 38, 58 and Powerball number: 3. The single winning Powerball ticket matching all six numbers was sold in Sun City, California. California Lottery officials said Sunday morning that the winning ticket was sold at Marietta Liquor &amp; Deli in southern California's Riverside County, about 80 miles south of Los Angeles. Officials say the earliest the ticket could be redeemed is 8 a.m. Monday morning. The winner has one year to claim the prize. The retailer where the winning ticket was sold will receive a $1 million \"retailer bonus.\" The estimated prize is based on a winner choosing an annuity, which pays off over 29 years. The cash prize would be $273.1 million. Both prize amounts would be before taxes are deducted. Powerball is played in 44 states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 487}
{"text": "Getty Images A former Secret Service officer who published an explosive tell-all from his days guarding the Bill and Hillary Clinton White House is planning to file a defamation lawsuit against his detractors, The Post has learned. A lawyer for Gary Byrne, whose book \u201c Crisis of Character: A White House Secret Service Officer Discloses His Firsthand Experience with Hillary, Bill, and How They Operate,\u201d has sent notices to Media Matters for America and David Brock informing them that he intends to file suit. \u201cOfficer Byrne will bring legal action against you, in your personal capacity, and against Media Matters,\u201d a lawyer for the former Secret Service officer wrote to Brock, a loyal Clinton ally and the founder of the liberal advocacy group Media Matters. The letter requests Brock and Media Matters to \u201chold\u201d all records and communications associated with their communications regarding Byrne \u2014 including \u201cAny communication(s) between David Brock and The Honorable Hillary Rodham Clinton\u201d regarding the former Secret Service officer, suggesting there might be collusion between the campaign and her defenders. It also demands Brock \u201cimmediately and publicly retract any statement or inference by yourself Media Matters to the effect that Officer Byrne was not fully truthful in recounting within \u2018Crisis of Character\u2019 details from any previous testimony.\u201d Additionally, Byrne\u2019s attorney demanded a retraction for \u201cthe utterly false statement(s) that Officer Byrne was not in close proximity to President William Jefferson Clinton.\u201d His lawyer states that \u201csome of our best witnesses to such immediacy are George Stephanopoulos, John Podesta, Leon Panetta, Bruce Lindsey, Hillary Rodham Clinton and President Clinton himself \u2014 who appear to have already confirmed \u2026 under oath \u2026 the regular proximity of Officer Byrne to the President for many years.\u201d Byrne claims the liberal advocacy group tried to hurt his credibility to defend the Clintons. Lawyers for Brock and Media Matters, Marc Elias and Ezra Reese, acknowledged receiving the letter from Byrne\u2019s lawyer. Elias is also a lawyer for Hillary Clinton\u2019s presidential election campaign. Byrne, who has been a surrogate for Donald Trump\u2019s presidential campaign, told The Post, \u201cWe\u2019re moving forward with the suit regardless\u201d of whether retractions are issued. My goal here is to get the message out \u2013 that everything in my book is true.\u201d Byrne has sent a similar letter \u2014 and has threatened similar legal action \u2014 to Jan Gilhooly, president of the Association of Former Agents of the United States Secret Service, who also questioned the claims made in \u201cCrisis of Character.\u201d Byrne expects the legal filings to come after the November presidential election.", "label": 0, "id": 74}
{"text": "SAN FRANCISCO (AP) \u2014 The U.S. government improperly spent $84 million to help plan for a massive project to ship Northern California water to Southern California, a new federal audit said. Federal officials gave $84 million to help finance the water districts' planning, backed by Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown, to build two giant water tunnels to re-engineer the state's water system, according to the audit by the inspector general's office of the U.S. Interior Department obtained by The Associated Press. By California law and by an agreement by the water districts, California water districts and not federal taxpayers are supposed to bear the costs of the $16 billion project, the audit said. The proposed tunnels are part of Brown's decadeslong push for a project that would more readily carry water from green Northern California south, mainly for use by cities and farms in central and Southern California. Voters rejected an early version of the proposal in a statewide vote in the 1980s. California water districts are making final decisions on whether to go ahead with the controversial project. The inspector general says federal authorities did not fully disclose to Congress or others that it was covering much of the cost of the project's planning. The actions by the Bureau of Reclamation, which is part of the Interior Department, mean that federal taxpayers paid a third of the cost of the project's planning up to 2016, the audit said. Central Valley water districts that were supposed to pay 50 percent of the tunnels' planning costs contributed only 18 percent, the audit found. California officials, meanwhile, have consistently said no taxpayer money was being spent on the project. Asked if auditors wanted contractors to repay the money, Interior spokeswoman Nancy DiPaolo said, \"We certainly hope so.\" That decision was up to California, she said. Thomas Birmingham, general manager of the sprawling Central Valley rural water district Westlands, which received one of the largest shares from the government, said he knew of nothing about the arrangement that was \"inconsistent with either state or federal law.\" \"The state was aware of it,\" Birmingham said of the federal payments. \"No one indicated this was somehow a violation of the letter or spirit of the agreement\" guiding the costs of the project. Birmingham said water districts would be responsible for reimbursing the federal money if the project went forward and benefited those districts. Spokespeople for the Bureau of Reclamation, Brown's office and the state Department of Water Resources either had no immediate comment Friday or did not respond to requests for comment. The audit's findings were \"appalling,\" said Doug Obegi of the Natural Resources Defense Council environmental group, which has opposed the project on the grounds that it would speed up the extinction of several endangered native species. \"The public is paying for what a private party is supposed to pay for,\" Obegi said. \"That is taking the public's money, and that's not OK.\" A former lobbyist for Westlands, David Bernhardt, has been a top official in the Interior Department under the George W. Bush administration and again under Trump. Critics long have said Westlands has benefited from its ties to the federal agency, which the water district and Interior deny. \"I wish I were surprised to learn that the Westlands Water District colluded with the Interior Department to hide millions of dollars in unauthorized payments from Congress, but this is typical of the longstanding and incestuous relationship between the largest irrigation district in the country and its federal patrons,\" said U.S. Rep. Jared Huffman, a California Democrat.", "label": 0, "id": 381}
{"text": "Barack and Michelle Obama are speaking out about the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment scandal after their daughter, Malia, interned for his company. Find out what they said, here! Barack Obama, 56, and wife Michelle Obama, 53, finally released an official statement on Oct. 10, about the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment accusations and it\u2019s not pretty, according to media outlets such as TMZ. \u201cMichelle and I have been disgusted by the recent reports about Harvey Weinstein,\u201d the statement reads. \u201cAny man who demeans and degrades women in such fashion needs to be condemned and held accountable, regardless of wealth or status.\u201d The former U.S. president and first lady\u2019s daughter Malia Obama, 19, interned at Harvey\u2019s company, The Weinstein Company, before attending Harvard University and Harvey even donated $680, 0 for Barack\u2019s 2012 re-election campaign. \u201cWe should celebrate the courage of women who have come forward to tell these painful stories,\u201d the statement continued. \u201cAnd we all need to build a culture \u2013 including by empowering our girls and teaching our boys decency and respect \u2013 so we can make such behavior less prevalent in the future.\u201d Barack and Michelle\u2019s statement comes just hours after a video message from the Republican National Committee, first reported by Daily Mail, condemned him for his silence in the case. Harvey has been accused of sexually harassing multiple women including many actresses he\u2019s worked withsuch as A shley Judd, 49. The film producer continues to make headlines from the unfortunate situation with the most recent one involving an announcement that his wife, Georgina Chapman, 41, is leaving him. It\u2019s been five days since the first allegations surfaced and since then, more and more women are coming forward with their own shocking stories. Harvey\u2019s made various iconic films over the years, including Pulp Fiction, The Crying Game, and Shakespeare in Love. HollywoodLifers, what do you think about the Obamas\u2019 opinion on the Harvey Weinstein scandal? Tell us your thoughts here.", "label": 0, "id": 479}
{"text": "Yesterday, Twitter announced that it would be testing out a new feature \u2014 changing its character limit from 140 to 280. AND PEOPLE FLIPPED OUT. No one likes change, and as much as everyone makes fun of Twitter, we want it to stay the same. LISTEN TO US, @JACK! Here are some of the best reactions to Twitter\u2019s proposed character limit change! 1. old twitter: send nudes bb new 280 char twitter: dearest Penelope, it's been a harsh winter's time since thou booty has graced thy screen \u2014 Licensed Esthetician (@SortaBad) September 26, 2017 2. me: i will never tweet 280 charactersalso me: (checking twitter every minute) why havent they given me 280 characters, ddo i not deserve it \u2014 jomny sun (@jonnysun) September 27, 2017 3. \u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28e0\u28e6\u28e4\u28c0\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28a1\u28e4\u28ff\u28ff\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2820\u281c\u28be\u285f\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2839\u283f\u2803\u2804\u2800\u2800\u2808\u2800\u2809\u2809\u2811\u2800\u2800\u2820\u2888\u28c6\u2800\u2800\u28c4\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28b6\u28f7\u2803\u28b5\u2810\u2830\u28f7\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2880\u289f\u28fd\u28c6\u2800\u2883\u2830\u28fe\u28f6\u28e4\u287c\u28b3\u28e6\u28e4\u28f4\u28fe\u28ff\u28ff\u281e\u2800\u2808\u2809\u2809\u281b\u281b\u2809\u2809\u2809\u2819\u2801\u2800\u2800\u2850\u2818\u28ff\u28ff\u28ef\u283f\u281b\u28ff\u2844\u2800\u2800\u2801\u2880\u28c4\u28c4\u28e0\u2865\u2814\u28fb\u2847\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2818\u28db\u28ff\u28df\u28d6\u28ad\u28ff\u2847\u2800\u2800\u2880\u28ff\u28ff\u28ff\u28ff\u28f7\u28ff\u28fd\u2847\u2800\u2800\u28b8\u28ff\u28ff\u28ff\u2847\u28ff\u28ff\u28ff\u28c7\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28b9\u28ff\u28ff\u2840\u2838\u28ff\u28ff\u284f\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28b8\u28ff\u28ff\u2807\u2800\u28ff\u28ff\u28ff\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2808\u28ff\u28ff\u2800\u2800\u28b8\u28ff\u287f\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28ff\u28ff\u2800\u2800\u2880\u28ff\u2847\u2800\u28e0\u28f4\u28ff\u287f\u281f\u2800\u2800\u28b8\u28ff\u28f7\u2800\u2809\u2809\u2801\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u28b8\u28ff\u28ff\u2801\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2800\u2808you know i had to do it to em \u2014 ?\u07e0\u07db\u07cb\u07d5?\u2070\u2070? (@NO_BOOT_DEVICE) September 27, 2017 4. If you're upset about the 280 characters thing, just imagine what John Kelly must be thinking \u2014 Amir Tibon (@amirtibon) September 26, 2017 5. \u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533| \u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533| \u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b| \u253b\u2533| \u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b|\u253b\u2533|\u2533\u253b| _\u253b\u2533| \u2022.\u2022) this seems excessive\u2533\u253b|\u2282\uff89\u253b\u2533| \u2014 dan mentos (@DanMentos) September 27, 2017 6. a better idea is to instead start taking away one character at a time, every night, until no one can tweet anymore \u2014 pilot (@pilotbacon) September 26, 2017 7. The 280-character limit is a terrible idea. The whole beauty of Twitter is that it forces you to express your ideas concisely (1/47) \u2014 James Poniewozik (@poniewozik) September 26, 2017 8. the world: trump gonna get us kilt via tweets twitter: ok here's more characters! \u2014 Desus Nice (@desusnice) September 26, 2017 9. twitter: tweets in english are harder to fit in 140 charactersme: pic.twitter. 4M4gl3 \u2014 bubtebdi durect (@xenobIade2) September 26, 2017 10. looking forward to being able to do the big tweets pic.twitter. 6XDg \u2014 jon hendren (@fart) September 27, 2017 11. (source) 12. Okay, hear me out, maybe the new character limit will destroy twitter and we'll all finally be free \u2014 Sarah (@thetigersez) September 27, 2017 13. literally my only talent was being able to think of tweets exactly 140 characters long. i don't know if I will be able to alter this to 280. \u2014 christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) September 26, 2017 14. . @realDonaldTrump has been wrecking America 140 characters at a time. Imagine what he could do with 280 now. \u2014 Vicente Fox Quesada (@VicenteFoxQue) September 27, 2017 15. 16. Prediction: Every 280 character tweet will be a reply from a man to a woman and begin with the word \"Actually.\" \u2014 (((OhNoSheTwitnt))) (@OhNoSheTwitnt) September 27, 2017 17. *sees 280* CONSCIENCE: \"don't do it.\" *still 223 left* \"srsly don't.\" *closes eyes* SOMEBODYONCETOLDMETHEWORLDISGONNAROLLMEIAIN'TTHESHARPESTTOOLINTHESHEDSHEWASLOOKINGKINDOFDUMBWITHHERFINGERANDHERTHUMBINTHESHAPEOFANLONHERFOREHEADWELL, \u2014 Sean O'Kane (@sokane1) September 27, 2017 18. So funny they're making tweets longer since the ideal tweet is still 0 characters \u2014 Megan Amram (@meganamram) September 27, 2017 19. This is 280 characters exactly. COINCIDENCE? pic.twitter. \u2014 Ryan Nanni (@celebrityhottub) September 26, 2017 20. every 280 character tweet pic.twitter. 0YpU1V \u2014 Hector Diaz (@iamHectorDiaz) September 26, 2017 21. 23. (source) 23. Is it a bad sign that Twitter personally reduced me to just 70 charact \u2014 Zack Bornstein (@ZackBornstein) September 27, 2017 25. bitch just 'cause you can do 280 characters doesn't mean you SHOULD, if your tweet is long i'm SKIPPIN' IT, boy bye \u2014 Tyler Oakley (@tyleroakley) September 27, 2017 26. TWITTER USERS: It would be nice if you stopped people making death threats. TWITTER: OK, but what if those death threats could be LONGER? \u2014 Mike Drucker (@MikeDrucker) September 26, 2017", "label": 0, "id": 556}
{"text": "The FBI has discovered a batch of new emails that \u201cappear to be pertinent\u201d to the investigation into Hillary Clinton\u2019s use of a private email server while she was secretary of state, according to a letter FBI Director James Comey sent to the chairs of pertinent Congressional and Senate committees Friday. The FBI\u2019s investigative team briefed Comey Thursday about the new emails and is now assessing, Comey wrote, \u201cwhether or not this material may be significant.\u201d In his letter, the FBI director also warned the committee chairs, \u201cI cannot predict how long it will take us to complete this additional work.\u201d Law enforcement sources told CBS News\u2019 Jeff Pegues that the sheer volume of emails and the process of examining them will take days. Investigators are looking into whether they contain classified information. In a hastily arranged press conference Friday night, Clinton said it was \u201cimperative\u201d for the FBI to \u201cexplain this issue . without delay.\u201d Clinton said she is \u201cconfident\u201d the conclusion reached in July about her emails will not change and downplayed its potential effect on the election. \u201cI think people a long time ago made up their minds about the emails,\u201d she said. The new emails -- which potentially number in the thousands -- came from a laptop that had been shared by top Clinton aide Huma Abedin and her now-estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, CBS News\u2019 Jeff Pegues reported. Asked if Abedin had shared with her what might have been discovered, Clinton said she had no information and \u201cwe don\u2019t know what to believe.\u201d \u201cWe\u2019ve heard these rumors, we don\u2019t know what to believe, and I\u2019m sure there are going to be even more rumors, which is why it is incumbent on the FBI to tell us what is going on,\u201d Clinton said. \u201cRight now, you\u2019re guess is as good as mine, and that\u2019s not good enough.\u201d Clinton\u2019s campaign said it had no advance knowledge of Comey\u2019s letter, and the campaign staff found out about it only after the news had broken Friday afternoon, while Clinton was on a two-hour,15-minute flight traveling with staff and with reporters to Cedar Rapids, all of whom had little or no Wi-Fi access for most of the duration of the flight Reporters shouted questions to Clinton as she walked from the plane in Cedar Rapids to the car that took her to her rally. She just smiled and waved, ignoring the questions. House Oversight Committee chair Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, announced the FBI\u2019s discovery of the emails. FBI Dir just informed me, \"The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.\" Case reopened\u2014 Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016 Pegues confirmed Friday that the new batch of emails was discovered during the investigation into the August sexting scandal of Anthony Weiner, the husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin, after the agency seized electronic devices belonging to the couple. Weiner was alleged to be exchanging sexually explicit messages with a 15-year-old girl. Comey\u2019s letter to Congress informed lawmakers that he was supplementing his previous testimony on the matter of the investigation, which was completed in July. At the time, Comey recommended no charges against Hillary Clinton, which was accepted by the Justice Department. Following the release of the FBI letter, House Speaker Paul Ryan reiterated his call for the Director of National Intelligence to stop giving classified briefings to Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee. \u201cThis decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators,\u201d Ryan said in a statement. \u201cI renew my call for the Director of National Intelligence to suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.\u201d State Department spokesman Mark Toner said Friday that the Department is trying to figure out what these emails pertain to and whether they\u2019re relevant to Clinton\u2019s time as secretary of state. Toner said they can\u2019t make any assumptions that they are, \u201cbut they may be.\u201d If so, Toner said the State Department is ready to cooperate with the FBI, but as of Friday afternoon, the department had not been contacted by the agency. Donald Trump weighed in on the news at a Friday rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, saying that \u201cperhaps justice will be done\u201d after the FBI takes further investigative steps on the emails. The audience roared, \u201cLock her up! Lock her up,\u201d as Trump declared, \u201cHillary Clinton\u2019s corruption is on a scale we have never seen before.We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.\u201d Trump also commended the FBI for now being \u201cwilling to have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made\u201d in announcing its investigation was complete. \u201cThis was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understood and it is everybody\u2019s hope that it is about to be corrected,\u201d he said. Later, Trump said of the \u201csystem\u201d he has claimed to be \u201crigged\u201d for several weeks: \u201cIt might be not be as rigged as I thought. I think they\u2019re going to right the ship, folks. I think they\u2019re going to right this yet.\u201d John Podesta, Clinton\u2019s campaign chair, called on Comey in a statement to \u201cimmediately provide the American public more information than is contained in the letter\u201d sent to Senate and House committee chairmen. \u201cDirector Comey\u2019s letter refers to emails that have come to light in an unrelated case, but we have no idea what those emails are and the Director himself notes they may not even be significant,\u201d Podesta wrote Friday afternoon. \u201cThe Director owes it to the American people to immediately provide the full details of what he is now examining. We are confident this will not produce any conclusions different from the one the FBI reached in July.\u201d He added that, in the months since the email investigation was completed, partisan efforts have continued to undermine the agency. \u201cDonald Trump and his Republican allies have been baselessly second-guessing the FBI and, in both public and private, browbeating the career officials there to revisit their conclusion in a desperate attempt to harm Hillary Clinton\u2019s presidential campaign,\u201d Podesta said. The timing of the revelation has angered some former Department of Justice employees. Former spokesman Matthew Miller called the disclosure \u201cinappropriate\u201d on Twitter and suggested that Comey had broken a cardinal rule: But today's disclosure might be worst abuse yet. DOJ goes out of its way to avoid publicly discussing investigations close to election. 5/\u2014 Matthew Miller (@matthewamiller) October 28, 2016 CBS News\u2019 Jeff Pegues, Catherine Reynolds, Nancy Cordes, Andres Triay, Steven Portnoy and Hannah Fraser-Chanpong contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 292}
{"text": "August 2016 was the warmest August on record for global surface combined, according to NOAA. Records go back to 1880. This is the 16th consecutive month that a new, record high global temperature average has been set. Fourteen of the fifteen highest monthly global temperature anomalies have occurred since February 2015. August 2016 averaged 0.92 deg. C above the 20th century average, breaking the old August record of +0.87 just set in August of 2015. In terms of land surface only, August 2016 averaged 1.29 deg. C. above the 20th century average, breaking the old record of +1.10 deg. C. set in August 2015. For ocean surface, August 2016 was the 2nd warmest August on record averaging 0.77 deg. C. above the 20th century average. The warmest August on record occurred last year (+0.79). For the record, the El Nino Southern Oscillation (ENSO) was neutral for the month of August. Weak La Nina or neutral conditions are predicted for the remainder of this year. ---------- Warmest June-August period on record The June-August 2016 period was the warmest such period on record, according to NOAA. June-August 2016 averaged 0.89 deg. C. above the 20th century average, beating out the record of +0.85 set in 2015. The 10 highest three-month global temperature departures in the record have all occurred since August-October 2015. ------------- Warmest January-August period on record globally The January-August 2016 period was the warmest such period on record, according to NOAA. So far this year, the average temperature anomaly was +1.01 deg. C., which easily beat out the previous record of +0.85 set last year. Based on these numbers I conclude that 2016 will easily end up as the warmest year on record globally. ------ All images courtesy of NOAA. The views expressed are those of the author and not necessarily those of AccuWeather, Inc. or AccuWeather.com", "label": 0, "id": 576}
{"text": "Butler County Sheriff requests ICE to shut down business that hire illegal immigrants. (WKRC) BUTLER COUNTY, Ohio (WKRC) - Butler County Sheriff Richard Jones has written a letter to President Trump, asking him to send Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to Ohio, specifically to his county. In the letter, Sheriff Jones also calls for ICE to shut down businesses that hire illegal immigrants. He asks President Trump to come to Butler County, sit down with him and work on a plan to start \"Work Place Enforcement\". Sheriff Jones says he's also tired of illegal immigrants committing crimes here, bringing in drugs and risking the health and safety of citizens \"every day that this country allows them to be here\". Sheriff Jones spoke at a Trump rally in Sharonville last July.", "label": 0, "id": 224}
{"text": "Rio Arriba County Fire Marshal Carlos Esquibel (center) watches an ambulance, Dec. 22, after a man in a red Ford Edge was reported to be overdosing off Riverside Drive. The man was transported to the Espa\u00f1ola Hospital and his car was towed. (SUNfoto by Wheeler Cowperthwaite) The police blotter is published to give readers an abridged look at criminal activity in their community and neighborhoods. It is simply an illustration of what local law enforcement, funded by taxpayers, must deal with daily throughout the Espa\u00f1ola Valley. Espa\u00f1ola Police officers, Ohkay Owingeh Tribal Police, Rio Arriba County Sheriff\u2019s deputies or State Police responded to the following calls: Daughter is in no danger Dec. 19 7:35 a.m. A State Road 76 caller said someone shattered a store window. 8:55 a.m. A Fairview Lane caller said her nephew broke into her house. 2:38 p.m. A Saiz Lane caller said a man wearing a beanie was next door, taking copper from a house. 4:14 p.m. A Chama Middle School caller said her mother\u2019s car window was broken. 4:24 p.m. A Private Drive in Hernandez caller said her boyfriend was threatening to hurt her and her daughter and he also damaged her car, as well as her mother\u2019s car. 6:10 p.m. A County Road 48 caller said her daughter was in danger because the daughter\u2019s boyfriend kidnapped her, had a wire, may choke her and threatened to kill her if she called the police. She said he is also armed with a knife. She refused to give dispatchers her name. The daughter then called dispatchers and said she had an argument with her mother and the mother falsely claimed she had been kidnapped. Mail theft is a federal crime Dec. 20 11:17 a.m. A County Road 40 caller said she lent her car to her brother, but he has not returned it and she wanted to report it as stolen. She said he borrowed it at 9:40 a.m. and said he would be back within five minutes. 11:37 a.m. A West Jonathan Drive caller said she works in the soup kitchen and two women were fighting outside. She said they left once they heard someone was going to call the police. 1:22 p.m. A County Road 41 caller said he was driving in Alcalde when someone shot at his white Cadillac. 2:08 p.m. A Ghost Ranch caller said he had a box in the mail, and it was stolen from the mailbox. He said this is the second or third time it\u2019s happened. 4:14 p.m. A Spruce Street caller said she is receiving text messages from her ex-boyfriend, who wrote that he is going to damage her and her aunt\u2019s cars. 7:52 p.m. A North Riverside Drive caller said two girls and three guys were beating up a man on the ground. 10:08 p.m. A Subway on Riverside Drive caller said an older man was sitting at a table, refusing to leave and he was intoxicated. The employees told the man they needed to close the restaurant, but he still refused to leave and told them to go ahead and call the police. He was taken to the Espa\u00f1ola Hospital, per his request. 10:44 p.m. A Giant gas station caller said two women were hitting each other at one of the gas pumps. Do him a favor and leave Dec. 21 12:45 p.m. A Rio Chama Chevron gas station caller said there was a couple by one of the pumps and the male was refusing to hand a baby to the female The woman then yelled for him to give the baby back to her or else the police would come and take the baby. 4:15 p.m. A man walked into the Espa\u00f1ola Police Department to report a case of identity theft. 4:45 p.m. A Calle de Pajarito caller said a man came by in the morning, accused her of stealing from him, and said he would kill her and her family for it. 5:05 p.m. A Wal-Mart caller said a woman was inside one of the bathrooms, refusing to come out, and there was a lot of drug paraphernalia in there. It was an employee. 5:54 p.m. A State Road 215 caller said her son was riding his dirt bike home from his grandpa\u2019s house when a truck tried to run over him. 6:25 p.m. A Paseo de Paulina caller said a woman came by to do him a favor, but now she won\u2019t leave. An Espa\u00f1ola police officer told her to leave. Too much vodka Dec. 22 6:35 a.m. A County Road 158 caller said she tried to start her car and found that it would not start and her radio and other things were missing. 9:45 a.m. A Valley Drive caller said someone took their manger scene from their front porch during the night. She said they took everything, but left the baby Jesus. Noon An Espa\u00f1ola Elementary School caller said a fifth grade student broke a window. 1:23 p.m. A Ca\u00f1ada Court caller said someone broke into a house and stole all the appliances. She then found them next door after she learned the former tenant had given them to the neighbor. 1:30 p.m. A Private Drive caller said it appeared a man was overdosing on alcohol and there were empty vodka bottles around him. 8:43 p.m. A Private Drive caller said an 18-year-old man appeared to be overdosing, he was unconscious and snoring. Sheriff\u2019s deputies administered the overdose-reversing drug Narcan. 11:08 p.m. A Camino Cielo Grande caller said her neighbors were yelling and breaking things and they had a 15-year-old child in the house. Officers found no evidence of a fight. Laying it down Dec. 23 12:11 a.m. A Rio Chama Chevron gas station caller said someone broke the windows and doors to his business but nothing was missing. He said it appeared rocks had been thrown through the windows. 1:01 a.m. A Private Drive in Chimay\u00f3 caller said someone broke into her truck and stole a drill. The truck was left unlocked. 1:58 a.m. A Calle Ramon Espinosa caller said she could hear someone knocking and ringing her door bell. She said she did not know who it was and did not want to check and see. 301x250 image ad 12:14 p.m. A Wal-Mart caller said a customer punched him in the back. He did not want to file a police report. 12:16 p.m. A Private Drive caller said a man who lives down the road got into her garage and tried stealing a chainsaw, but he was caught in the act by her father-in-law. 4:06 p.m. A Private Drive in Alcalde caller said his neighbor came to his house and broke his kitchen window. 6:38 p.m. A North Riverside Drive caller said a man was passed out on the cement in front of a business. He was breathing, but unresponsive. The man was transported by ambulance to the emergency room. 8:48 p.m. A South Riverside Drive caller said a drunk man walked into the business and he told him to leave. Instead of leaving, the man laid down on the ground and complained he could not walk due to severe leg pain. He was transported to the Espa\u00f1ola Hospital. 9:08 p.m. A Calle Cristobal caller said his ex-wife came to his house and smashed things that they both own. Holiday cheer overcomes fight Dec. 24 3:29 a.m. A U.S. Highway 285 caller said some people were at her house, trying to steal a truck, driving all over her property and hitting trees with the truck. 3:38 p.m. A North Riverside Drive caller said a bald man was beating a woman. 6:35 p.m. A Silver Lane in Ohkay Owingeh caller said her drunk 43-year-old daughter was causing a disturbance. 8:08 p.m. An Allsup\u2019s caller said a blonde, dark-complected woman appeared to be prostituting herself, along with a couple other women, outside of the gas station. 9:04 p.m. A U.S. Highway 84 caller said her 46-year-old father was not conscious, but breathing, after he took all of his medications at once. She said she just got home and found him like this, but she had received a text message from him at 8:40 p.m., saying goodbye. The man was transported to the Espa\u00f1ola Hospital, alive. He left a suicide note. 11:14 p.m. A Calle del Sol caller said she was talking to her cousin, when she got into it with a woman driving an Escalade, and the woman pulled a knife on her. An Espa\u00f1ola police officer was down the street when the incident occurred and he told dispatchers neither side wanted to press charges and instead, continue with the holiday. The Escalade was towed. Watch your step Dec. 25 5:13 a.m. A South Monterey Lane caller said a man in a gray hoodie was yelling things and he wanted him checked out. 4:06 p.m. A North McCurdy Road caller said an intoxicated man was walking around in the area and he wanted him checked out. 4:25 p.m. A Santa Claran Hotel Casino caller said a drunk man wanted an ambulance because he thought his ribs were broken. 6:37 p.m. A State Road 399 caller said he needed an ambulance because he fell in a hole while playing with his dog. 7:07 p.m. A Camino Santa Cruz caller said three boys were throwing rocks at cars as they drove by. 8:08 p.m. A Fairview Lane caller said a woman threw him out of the house and stole his money, as well as his shoes and hat. He did not want to press charges against her. 301x250 image ad", "label": 0, "id": 173}
{"text": "In June 2008, when she conceded the Democratic presidential race to Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton famously noted that \"we weren't able to shatter that highest, hardest glass ceiling this time.\" More than eight years later, she will literally be standing underneath one as the final votes are counted on Nov. 8. On Wednesday, the Clinton campaign announced her election night party would be held at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in Manhattan. The building has a literal glass ceiling. Let\u2019s hope the campaign has insurance for it if she wins. Reminder: The Javits Center, where Hillary Clinton is holding her election night party, has a literal glass ceiling pic.twitter. 9cAc\u2014 Elliot Smilowitz (@SmiloTweets) October 26, 2016 The Javits Center, which opened in 1986, is the busiest convention center in the country and contains a massive 840,0 square feet of exhibition space. The center just finished a $460 million renovation. The election event will be for supporters and volunteers.", "label": 0, "id": 441}
{"text": "A racial slur was found on a boys bathroom stall at a Kansas City, Kan., school, according to reports. \u201cKill all n------,\u201d someone wrote on a stall at Piper High School, Fox4 reported. The message was discovered Wednesday, and a special assembly was held Thursday to address the issue, according to KSHB. In response to the incident, Fox4 reported some students planned to protest for the first 20 minutes of class on Friday. Today's top news by email The local news you need to start your day Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms Piper High administrators could not immediately be reached Friday morning. \u201cWe should all just be getting along. It doesn\u2019t matter what color our skin is,\u201d Delaney Degroot, a freshman, told KSHB. Piper High Principal John Nguyen sent an email home to parents addressing the incident, Fox4 reported. \u201cPHS maintains a zero-tolerance stance regarding racist, discriminatory, and threatening comments,\u201d he wrote. \u201cSchool administration is working diligently with our School Resource Officer in conducting an aggressive investigation to determine the origin of the comment. At this time, the investigation has revealed no credible safety threat whatsoever to PHS students or staff.\u201d About a year ago, a similar incident upset students, according to Fox4. Then a student wrote, \u201cKill all Blacks.\u201d The student was later disciplined. Max Londberg: 816-234-4378, @MaxLondberg", "label": 0, "id": 205}
{"text": "Donald Trump (Image by YouTube, Channel: holmesclips) Permission Details DMCA Donald Trump continued his campaign of incendiary statements over the weekend, threatening to launch a war with North Korea that could unleash a nuclear catastrophe. On Saturday afternoon, the US president tweeted that past administrations \"have been talking to North Korea for 25 years.\" This \"hasn't worked,\" he wrote, adding: \"Sorry, but only one thing will work!\" Asked later to elaborate on what he meant, Trump replied, \"You'll figure that out pretty soon.\" These threats came three weeks after Trump's tirade at the United Nations General Assembly September 19, when he declared that the US was \"ready, willing, and able\" to \"totally destroy\" North Korea, a country of 25 million people. Four days later, Trump threatened to assassinate the North Korean leader. If the North Korean foreign minister's speech at the UN \"echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man [Kim Jong-Un],\" Trump wrote, \"they won't be around much longer!\" On Thursday, Trump organized a White House dinner with US military leaders, which had all the hallmarks of a meeting of a war cabinet. During a photo op before the dinner, Trump, surrounded by generals in military uniform, likened the moment to \"the calm before the storm.\" Asked what storm he was talking about, Trump would only say, \"You'll find out soon.\" To the extent that Trump's words are interpreted as a genuine expression of the policy and plans of the United States government, the inescapable conclusion is that the world stands on the brink of the most devastating military conflict since the outbreak of World War II. Were language and reality in correct political alignment, the present situation would be described officially as an \"Imminent danger of war.\" Republican Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, embroiled in a political conflict with Trump, warned that the president's reckless threats were leading the United States \"on the path to World War I.\" But despite Corker's statement on Sunday, there is, within the ruling elite and its media, a staggering disconnect between consciousness and reality. The public declarations emanating from the White House are being reported by the media as if they will have no consequences. The thinking seems to be that Trump doesn't mean what he says. The consequences of a war would prove to be so catastrophic that Trump is simply bluffing. But what if he isn't? What if the North Korean government takes the threats of the American president, as it must, seriously? With Trump having publicly declared that he will destroy North Korea and that the doomsday hour is fast approaching, how will the Pyongyang government interpret American military actions near the borders of its country? With only minutes to make a decision, will the regime view the approach of a US bomber toward North Korean airspace as the beginning of a full-scale attack? Will it conclude that it has no choice but to assume the worst and initiate a military strike against South Korea? Will it fire missiles, as it has threatened, in the direction of Japan, Guam, Australia, or even the United States? From a purely legal standpoint, North Korea can claim, in light of Trump's threats, that such action on its part would be an act of self-defense, a legitimate response to an imminent military threat. Aside from the calculations of Pyongyang, one must assume that the regimes in Beijing and Moscow are also looking at the unfolding developments with increasing alarm. While the American media, as is its wont, responds complacently and thoughtlessly to Trump's threats, the Chinese regime cannot avoid viewing them with deadly seriousness. Trump is, after all, the commander in chief of the American military. He has the power -- which Congress has shown no interest in challenging -- to order military actions. A US attack on North Korea would pose an overwhelming threat to China. As in 1950, a war against North Korea would -- even if it did not rapidly escalate into a nuclear exchange -- lead inexorably to an American incursion across the 38th Parallel. The last time the US military crossed the border into North Korea, the Chinese responded with a massive military counterattack. There is no reason to believe that the present-day regime in Beijing would remain passive in the face of a new US invasion of North Korea. It would view an American invasion as an unacceptable violation of a geopolitical arrangement on the Korean peninsula that has been in existence for nearly 65 years. Beijing's reaction would be influenced by the already tense conditions that exist in the Asia-Pacific region. For years, the US has been systematically building up its military forces in the South China Sea under the \"Pivot to Asia\" initiated by the Obama administration. The purpose has been to militarily encircle China, which dominant sections of the ruling class consider the major competitor to US interests. Over the weekend, China's main regional competitor, Japan, declared that it fully backed Trump's threats against North Korea. Thus, the outbreak of war between North Korea and the United States would inevitably involve China, which, in turn, would draw all of Asia, as well as Australia, into the bloody maelstrom. Nor would it be possible for Europe and Latin America, which have their own interests in Asia, to stand aside. Little has appeared in the American media about the consequences of war with North Korea. An article in Newsweek in April concluded that a war would leave one million people dead, assuming that it did not involve the use of nuclear weapons or any other outside powers. In a comment in the Los Angeles Times last month, retired Air Force Brigadier General Rob Givens calculated that 20,0 South Koreans would die every day in a war on the peninsula, even without the use of nuclear weapons. If the war were to develop into a nuclear exchange -- as the Trump administration has threatened -- the consequences would be catastrophic. In addition to the millions or tens of millions killed outright, climate experts warned in August that even a regional nuclear war would cool the planet by up to 10 degrees Celsius, potentially sparking a global nuclear winter that would wipe out agricultural production. How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger Despite all the evidence that war could break out at any time, the American media persists in its refusal to take the events seriously. The New York Times epitomized this media effort at chloroforming the population in its October 6 article on Trump's remarks before the generals, which stated that Trump has a \"penchant for provocative statements\" and takes \"an obvious delight in keeping people guessing.\" Writing as if what was involved was merely a matter of White House gossip and intrigue, the Times stated that the \"timing\" of the \"calm before the storm\" statement was \"particularly tantalizing.\" \"But it is equally plausible,\" the article concluded, \"that Mr. Trump was merely being theatrical, using the backdrop of military officers to stir up some drama.\" The efforts of the media to downplay the danger are contradicted by signs of serious divisions within the Trump administration. There are rumors that Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will be forced out or could resign, following statements from Trump last month directly undermining Tillerson's moves to resume negotiations with the North Korean government. Thursday's meeting of top advisers in the White House, decked out in their uniforms, may have been an effort by Trump to ensure that he has the military on his side in advance of war. These divisions, however, are tactical in character. In the final analysis, Trump speaks not simply for himself, but for the US ruling class. The dominant factions of the ruling oligarchy are united on the basic strategy of using its military force to maintain its hegemonic position abroad. Trump uses exceptionally crude and brutal language to justify American foreign policy. But he is not the author of Washington's hegemonic strategy. The United States has been at war almost continuously for more than 25 years. This weekend marked the sixteenth anniversary of the invasion of Afghanistan. The Pentagon is conducting military actions all over the world, usually without the American people being informed of the deployment of military personnel. The death in combat this past week of four American soldiers in the African country of Niger came as a total surprise to the public. A war with Korea could break out at any time. This is the reality of the situation. Rather than speculating idly over whether Trump is merely bluffing, the critical task is the building of a powerful movement, based on the working class, against the drive to war. The very fact that the American president smirks and laughs as he threatens millions with annihilation is itself sufficient proof that the US political system is terminally sick and capable of any crime. How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger Donald Trump (Image by YouTube, Channel: holmesclips) Permission Details DMCA Donald Trump continued his campaign of incendiary statements over the weekend, threatening to launch a war with North Korea that could unleash a nuclear catastrophe. On Saturday afternoon, the US president tweeted that past administrations \"have been talking to North Korea for 25 years.\" This \"hasn't worked,\" he wrote, adding: \"Sorry, but only one thing will work!\" Asked later to elaborate on what he meant, Trump replied, \"You'll figure that out pretty soon.\" These threats came three weeks after Trump's tirade at the United Nations General Assembly September 19, when he declared that the US was \"ready, willing, and able\" to \"totally destroy\" North Korea, a country of 25 million people. Four days later, Trump threatened to assassinate the North Korean leader. If the North Korean foreign minister's speech at the UN \"echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man [Kim Jong-Un],\" Trump wrote, \"they won't be around much longer!\" On Thursday, Trump organized a White House dinner with US military leaders, which had all the hallmarks of a meeting of a war cabinet. During a photo op before the dinner, Trump, surrounded by generals in military uniform, likened the moment to \"the calm before the storm.\" Asked what storm he was talking about, Trump would only say, \"You'll find out soon.\" To the extent that Trump's words are interpreted as a genuine expression of the policy and plans of the United States government, the inescapable conclusion is that the world stands on the brink of the most devastating military conflict since the outbreak of World War II. Were language and reality in correct political alignment, the present situation would be described officially as an \"Imminent danger of war.\" Republican Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee, embroiled in a political conflict with Trump, warned that the president's reckless threats were leading the United States \"on the path to World War I.\" But despite Corker's statement on Sunday, there is, within the ruling elite and its media, a staggering disconnect between consciousness and reality. The public declarations emanating from the White House are being reported by the media as if they will have no consequences. The thinking seems to be that Trump doesn't mean what he says. The consequences of a war would prove to be so catastrophic that Trump is simply bluffing. But what if he isn't? What if the North Korean government takes the threats of the American president, as it must, seriously? With Trump having publicly declared that he will destroy North Korea and that the doomsday hour is fast approaching, how will the Pyongyang government interpret American military actions near the borders of its country? With only minutes to make a decision, will the regime view the approach of a US bomber toward North Korean airspace as the beginning of a full-scale attack? Will it conclude that it has no choice but to assume the worst and initiate a military strike against South Korea? Will it fire missiles, as it has threatened, in the direction of Japan, Guam, Australia, or even the United States? From a purely legal standpoint, North Korea can claim, in light of Trump's threats, that such action on its part would be an act of self-defense, a legitimate response to an imminent military threat. Aside from the calculations of Pyongyang, one must assume that the regimes in Beijing and Moscow are also looking at the unfolding developments with increasing alarm. While the American media, as is its wont, responds complacently and thoughtlessly to Trump's threats, the Chinese regime cannot avoid viewing them with deadly seriousness. Trump is, after all, the commander in chief of the American military. He has the power -- which Congress has shown no interest in challenging -- to order military actions. A US attack on North Korea would pose an overwhelming threat to China. As in 1950, a war against North Korea would -- even if it did not rapidly escalate into a nuclear exchange -- lead inexorably to an American incursion across the 38th Parallel. The last time the US military crossed the border into North Korea, the Chinese responded with a massive military counterattack. There is no reason to believe that the present-day regime in Beijing would remain passive in the face of a new US invasion of North Korea. It would view an American invasion as an unacceptable violation of a geopolitical arrangement on the Korean peninsula that has been in existence for nearly 65 years. Beijing's reaction would be influenced by the already tense conditions that exist in the Asia-Pacific region. For years, the US has been systematically building up its military forces in the South China Sea under the \"Pivot to Asia\" initiated by the Obama administration. The purpose has been to militarily encircle China, which dominant sections of the ruling class consider the major competitor to US interests. Over the weekend, China's main regional competitor, Japan, declared that it fully backed Trump's threats against North Korea. Thus, the outbreak of war between North Korea and the United States would inevitably involve China, which, in turn, would draw all of Asia, as well as Australia, into the bloody maelstrom. Nor would it be possible for Europe and Latin America, which have their own interests in Asia, to stand aside. Little has appeared in the American media about the consequences of war with North Korea. An article in Newsweek in April concluded that a war would leave one million people dead, assuming that it did not involve the use of nuclear weapons or any other outside powers. In a comment in the Los Angeles Times last month, retired Air Force Brigadier General Rob Givens calculated that 20,0 South Koreans would die every day in a war on the peninsula, even without the use of nuclear weapons. If the war were to develop into a nuclear exchange -- as the Trump administration has threatened -- the consequences would be catastrophic. In addition to the millions or tens of millions killed outright, climate experts warned in August that even a regional nuclear war would cool the planet by up to 10 degrees Celsius, potentially sparking a global nuclear winter that would wipe out agricultural production. How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger Americans In The Dark On Trump's Plan To End The U.S. Dollar", "label": 1, "id": 29}
{"text": "Members of a Houston mosque barricaded themselves inside and refused to help people evacuating Hurricane Harvey. On 31 August 2017, repeat offender TheLastLineOfDefense.com published a \u201c report\u201d on the \u201cRamashan Mosque\u201d in Houston, which according to them, refused to help people seeking relief from the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey: The building can easily hold over 500 people, much more than the 27 currently inside. But the imam of the mosque, Aswat Turads, says that they absolutely cannot accept any non-Muslim people because it\u2019s against their religion. \u201cThe Quran is very clear,\u201d Turads told local news radio station WXTX, \u201cwe are forbidden from helping infidels, no matter how much we want to. If we allow Christians and Jews inside, we are violating a fundamental tenant of Islam and will be punished by Allah. The original version of the story (and an equally fake follow-up post) also included a picture of Canadian imam Ibrahim Hindy, who publicly refuted the story, saying that not only was he in Saudi Arabia completing the hajj Islamic pilgrimage at the time the massive storm hit Texas, he has never been to that state in his life at all: The site quickly swapped out its photographs in response. The current version of the story now includes an Associated Press picture of a Lebanese cleric, Ahmad al-Assir, who was arrested by authorities in his country in August 2015. This story is a complete fabrication, and neither the \u201cRamashan Mosque\u201d or \u201cAswat Turads\u201d exist. The radio station named in the article, WXTX-FM, is actually based out of Columbus, Georgia and not Texas. TheLastLineOfDefense.com is a known purveyor of fake news stories. Its disclaimer reads: America\u2019s Last Line of Defense is a satirical publication that may sometimes appear to be telling the truth. We assure you that\u2019s not the case. We present fiction as fact and our sources don\u2019t actually exist. Names that represent actual people and places are purely coincidental and all images should be considered altered and do not in any way depict reality. In other words, if you believe this crap you\u2019re a real dumbass. Despite its complete lack of any factual content, the hoax story was shared thousands of times; it was also picked up and run verbatim as true by other web sites. In reality, several Houston mosques have taken people in and performed volunteer food and donation drives to help victims of the storm. Snopes.com has long been engaged in the battle against misinformation, an effort we could not sustain without the support of our readers. If you'd like to learn more about how you can support us, click here.", "label": 0, "id": 559}
{"text": "Robert Since Facebook made it harder for publishers to spread their articles organically, various types of sponsored posts have begun to show up with more prominence. This has gotten a bit confusing for users, as it's hard to tell which underlying articles are pieces of journalism and which are advertisements. We break down how to tell the difference between various types of \"sponsored\" posts on Facebook. It used to be pretty easy to tell the difference between advertising and editorial content on Facebook. If a post had a little \"sponsored\" label on it, that was a red flag telling you, \"Hey, a brand paid for this, you should treat it as an advertisement.\" But that line has gotten blurrier for Facebook users, especially over the last few months as Facebook has limited how far posts from media companies can spread on their own (so-called \"organic reach\"). In January, Facebook announced that it would de-emphasize publisher content in favor of \" friends and family\" posts. One of the main complaints I heard from folks on the publisher side was that Mark Zuckerberg didn't actually want less publisher content on Facebook: He wanted publishers to pay him to help their articles spread. \"Facebook is now pay to play,\" was a lament I heard many times. And that is what many publishers - from The New Yorker, to The Wall Street Journal, to Marie Claire (and Business Insider) - have been doing for certain articles, with more frequency since the algorithm change. They have paid Facebook to help their editorial, journalistic articles spread. The Facebook posts that link to these articles are labeled \"sponsored,\" because they are technically ads, but they link to normal news articles. When you follow the link to the publisher's website, the article isn't a piece of \"sponsored content,\" even though the Facebook post is labeled \"sponsored.\" Confusing, right? But that's only the start of the rabbit hole when it comes to the blurring of the lines between advertising and editorial content on Facebook. Traditionally, media companies have worked to separate advertisements from journalistic writing (and to properly label \"advertorial\" content). But in the world of Facebook, these outlets don't always even have control over how posts appear to readers. Positive articles about companies like Uber (for instance) are being turned into promotional ads, sometimes without the media organizations being made aware. It can be hard for readers to wade through, so we decided to break it down for you in a way that is easy to digest. We'll walk you through the various types of \"sponsored\" posts on Facebook and what they mean. When the outlet pays to spread it Let's start with the one I just mentioned: Purely editorial articles that are being promoted with \"sponsored\" posts on Facebook. This basically happens when a publisher wants to boost an article it thinks has viral potential, and can bring the publisher in much more advertising (or subscriber) revenue than it is paying Facebook to push it into your feed, or get new readers. Here is what that looks like from The New Yorker on an editorial article titled \" The Great Sadness of Ben Affleck\": Nathan And here's one from The Wall Street Journal on an editorial article titled \" Silicon Valley to Washington: Why Don't You Get Us\": Nathan Just scrolling through my Facebook feed casually, I noticed many such articles from outlets ranging from those above to Marie Claire (as mentioned), Ranker, Screen Rant, Elite Daily, U.S. News and World Report, and so on. They really run the gamut editorially. Okay, so this type of post is easy enough to understand. When the subject pays to spread it Here is where it starts to get more confusing. Sometimes, the subject of an article pays Facebook to promote an editorial article written about them - presumably one that paints them in a positive light. These are also technically \"ads\" on Facebook, but the journalism they are promoting was not paid for by the subject. The article itself is not \"sponsored content,\" even though the Facebook post is \"sponsored.\" Here's an example with Uber and CNET: CNET wrote this article about Uber's new CEO, titled \" Uber's U-turn: How the new CEO is cleaning house after scandals and lawsuits.\" To be clear, this was written by a reporter at CNET and was not paid for by Uber. It's just a regular news article. But Uber clearly liked the piece and is now paying Facebook to spread it far and wide. Here is an example from the video world. This editorial video (not an ad) by NowThis Money is being promoted by the subject of the video, Adam Khafif. Adam Khafif's Facebook page is sharing a NowThis Money post from its Facebook page, and that share is being \"sponsored\" (i.e. boosted by paying money to Facebook). See, it gets very convoluted. But the main point is that the underlying video, and in this case even the underlying original Facebook post, isn't an ad - but the subject of the video is paying for a \"sponsored\" Facebook post to promote it. Sometimes these \"sponsored\" posts are even geo-targeted, like the one on this article from The New Yoker titled \" Divinity on the Dance Floor,\" which is being \"promoted\" not even by its subject (DJ Robert Hood), but by the nightclub where he performs regularly ( Schimanski): When the outlet pays an influencer to spread it Now let's get to influencers and celebrities. Sometimes publishers pay influencers (people with big Facebook followings) to promote their articles. This used to be done a lot through organic Facebook reach ( here's an article on this about George Takei.) But now I've only seen it recently in the form of \"sponsored\" posts. Here's an example from Snoop Dogg and FashionBeans: Snoop Dogg in this instance is technically paying Facebook to promote an article from FashionBeans, titled \"Here Are The Most Obnoxiously Rich Suburbs Of America's Biggest Cities,\" that really has nothing to do with him. But most likely what is happening is that FashionBeans is paying him to promote it, then he is paying Facebook. So the idea is that while FashionBeans could directly pay Facebook to promote the post, the promotion is more effective (dollar for dollar) if Snoop Dogg's name is attached. When an advertiser pays for the actual article Now we get to the last category: actual \"sponsored content\" from a media company. This is an instance of \"advertorial,\" where the advertiser is directly paying the media company to sponsor the actual article itself. Here's an example from BuzzFeed and NBC Sports: In these cases, the word \"with\" is usually employed in the Facebook post to denote which company is paying for the underlying content. It's marked again if you follow the link to BuzzFeed's site: Notice that the \"Brand Publisher\" is NBC Sports. So this is actually an ad - not only on Facebook but on BuzzFeed's site as well. And there you have it, we've come to the end of our guide to understanding who is paying to get journalism or advertising in front of you on Facebook. One last thing to remember is that no matter who is paying for a \"sponsored\" Facebook post - outlet, subject, or influencer - if you check the actual article after following the link, it should clearly mark whether the article is an advertisement or a journalistic piece. NOW WATCH: How Tyra Banks responded to being called 'too big' will inspire you", "label": 0, "id": 509}
{"text": "A Michigan woman who sacrificed the chance to prolong her own life so she could give birth has died. Nick DeKlyen told the Associated Press that his wife, Carrie DeKlyen, died Saturday morning surrounded by family. \"I'll see you in Heaven,\" was among the last things Nick DeKlyen said to his wife. Doctors removed Carrie DeKlyen's feeding and breathing tubes on Thursday after she gave birth to the couple's sixth child, Life Lynn DeKlyen. The little girl was born prematurely and weighs 1 pound, four ounces, but is doing well. In this photo provided by Sonya Nelson Life Lynn DeKlyen lies in the Neonatal Intensive Care Unit of the University of Michigan Hospital in Ann Arbor, Mich., Saturday, Sept. 8, 2017. Life Lynn's mother, Carrie DeKlyen sacrificed the chance to prolong her life to give birth to her sixth child. Doctors removed Carrie's feeding and breathing tubes on Thursday, Sept. 7 a day after Life Lynn, was born at the University of Michigan Hospital. DeKlyen chose to forgo clinical trials and chemotherapy to treat her brain cancer, since it would have meant ending her pregnancy. Their daughter was born prematurely, at 24 weeks and five days into the pregnancy and weighing 1 pound, four ounces. (Nick of Sonya Nelson via AP) Carrie DeKlyen chose to forgo chemotherapy to treat her brain cancer so she could give birth to her daughter. \"Me and my wife, we are people of faith,\" Nick DeKlyen told the Detroit Free Press. \"We love the Lord with everything in us. We talked about it, prayed about it.\" The couple from the western Michigan city of Wyoming was married for 17 years. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 552}
{"text": "Kate McKinnon (left) and Alec Baldwin (right) as Clinton and Trump NBC Universal \u201cSaturday Night Live\u201d takes swings at all political candidates, regardless of party. And with Alec Baldwin and Kate McKinnon portraying Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, they keep hitting the mark. The show has a long history of making fun of everyone with their impersonations. Both Baldwin and McKinnon have been praised for their spot-on impressions of celebrities, musicians and politicians. Trump has even joined in on the fun in the past while acting as a host. On Saturday\u2019s broadcast of the show, the actors took on the second debate between Trump and Clinton, and the GOP nominee was the focus of some pointed satire from Baldwin. \u201cTonight, I\u2019m going to do three things. I\u2019m going to huff. I\u2019m going to puff. I\u2019m going to blow this whole thing,\u201d Baldwin, as Trump, said in the sketch. After the show, Trump took to Twitter to let people know that once it gets personal, he\u2019s no longer laughing. While Trump and his supporters seem convinced that \u201cSaturday Night Live\u201d is trying to bring down his campaign, a lot of people took to Twitter to remind everyone that the show is all in the name of satire. Regardless of where you stand, one thing is for sure -- whether Trump likes it or not, these sketches will continue at least through November 8th.", "label": 0, "id": 317}
{"text": "Earlier this year, two hunters suffered gun-related injuries while camped out at the Circle Dug Ranch, a Texas ranch near the U.S.-Mexico border. According to Texas Monthly, a 26-year-old hunting guide named Walker Daugherty was shot in the abdomen. One of his clients, 59-year-old Edwin Roberts, was shot in the arm. When Daugherty reported the incident to law enforcement officials, he and his fianc\u00e9e claimed that the gunfire came from illegal Mexican immigrants who were attempting to steal the Daugherty\u2019s RV and kidnap their clients. After the incident, a GoFundMe page was launched to help Daugherty pay for his medical expenses. According to KOSA CBS 7, the now-inactive campaign page stated that Daugherty was shot by illegal immigrants who were trying to steal his RV. More than $25,0 was raised to cover Daugherty\u2019s medical expenses. CREDIT: Credit: GoFundMe Upon hearing the story, Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller posted a message to Facebook calling Daugherty a hero and pledging his support for a border wall. \u201cThis is why we need the wall and to secure our borders,\u201d wrote Miller. According to the Dallas News, the post was shared 6,500 times before Miller deleted it. Weeks later, law enforcement officials determined Daugherty\u2019s story was false. According to KOSA CBS 7 in Texas, an investigation by the Presidio County Sheriff\u2019s Department found that the gunfire did not come from immigrants crossing the border \u2014 it came from the hunters themselves. That\u2019s right: friendly fire. Investigators determined that Daugherty shot Roberts and that another hunting guide, Michael Bryant, shot Daugherty. The Daugherty family reportedly released a statement about the Presidio County Sheriff\u2019s investigation that was published on the blog The Westerner. \u201cWe do not deny that our hunter client was hit by a bullet that resulted from a horribly fearful and confusing situation. However, the bullet that shot our son was not. That shot came later and from an entirely different direction. We are unable to reveal all the details of the event at this time but we do not agree with the Sherriff\u2019s stated conclusion to the incident.\u201d Read their full statement here. Daugherty and Bryant have since been indicted on charges of deadly conduct by discharging firearms in the direction of others, reports the Austin American-Statesman.", "label": 0, "id": 231}
{"text": "During Drew Brees' media whirlwind in New York on Tuesday, the New Orleans Saints quarterback levied yet another serious criticism of the NFL. He said that the suspended Saints coaches are afraid of speaking out about their situation. \"I've been informed a lot of those coaches feel there are further sanctions being held over their head if they don't cooperate with the investigation,\" Brees said on The Dan Patrick Show, via ProFootballTalk. \"If they were to speak out on behalf of the players, maybe that's the fear they have.\" NFL spokesman Greg Aiello has told a variety of outlets that there is simply no truth to Brees' claims. \"Of course people are free to speak, as Joe Vitt has done,\" Aiello told Around the League on Wednesday. ProFootballTalk's Mike Florio reported that Sean Payton and Gregg Williams fear further retribution if they say anything. As Aiello points out, Saints interim coach Joe Vitt has spoken out against the league. Vitt wondered aloud if NFL evidence has been tampered with. After Williams' indefinite suspension was announced, the league indicated that Williams' cooperation with future proceedings would be a factor in his possible reinstatement. \"Commissioner Goodell said he will give close attention to the extent to which Coach Williams cooperates with the NFL in any further proceedings,\" the league explained in a March 21 statement detailing Williams' punishment. Cooperating with proceedings doesn't mean Williams has to take a vow of silence. But that's essentially what he's done to this point. The back-and-forth between the players and the league over the bounty evidence is seemingly never-ending. We would be surprised if the coaches got involved publicly. Payton and Williams have openly apologized, admitted their mistakes, and seem to want to move past the controversy as much as possible.", "label": 0, "id": 296}
{"text": "Ex-FBI Director James Comey went rogue, according to testimony Wednesday from Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Sessions said in a Senate hearing that by clearing Hillary Clinton from prosecution for leaking and transmitting classified and top secret emails, Comey acted as investigator, judge and jury. And that is why he was fired. Sessions was addressing questions from Sen. Diane Feinstein about why Comey was fired as FBI chief. AG Sessions \u201cI don\u2019t think the significance of the ERROR that Comey made on the Clinton matter is fully understood\u201d! pic.twitter.com/5LrYvbBYNO \u2014 \u2018GITMO\u2019 BAMA \u25aa\ufe0f (@President1Trump) October 18, 2017", "label": 0, "id": 643}
{"text": "Three House Democrats on Wednesday introduced a resolution to censure and condemn President Trump over his response to recent violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. The measure was introduced by Reps. Bonnie Watson Coleman (NJ), Jerry Nadler (NY) and Pramila Jayapal (WA). The trio\u2019s resolution calls for Trump\u2019s censure over his \u201cinadequate response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.\u201d The proposal also cites Trump for \u201chis failure to immediately and specifically name and condemn the groups responsible for actions of domestic terrorism\u201d in Charlottesville. The group\u2019s resolution additionally demands that Trump \u201cfire any and all advisors who have urged him to cater to the alt-Right movement in the United State.\u201d The document criticizes Trump \u201cfor employing people with ties to white supremacist movements in the White House.\u201d White House officials with ties to white supremacy include chief strategist Steve Bannon and national security aide Sebastian Gorka, according to the resolution. Bannon previously served as the executive chairman of Breitbart, which he characterized as \u201cthe platform for the alt-right\u201d last year. Gorka formerly worked as a national security editor at Breitbart, an outlet which has faced accusations of anti-Semitism, Islamophobia and misogyny. Trump insisted Tuesday that there is \u201cblame on both sides\u201d for bloodshed in Charlottesville last weekend. \u201cWhat about the alt-left that came charging at the \u2013 as you say, the alt-right?\u201d he asked a reporter. \u201cDo they have any semblance of guilt?\u201d \u201cWhat about the fact they came charging with clubs in their hands, swinging clubs?\u201d Trump continued at Trump Tower in New York City. \u201cDo they have any problem? I think they do.\u201d \u201cI have condemned neo-Nazis. I have condemned many different groups, but not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me.\u201d White nationalists descended upon Charlottesville last weekend to protest the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee. One person died last Saturday when a car drove into people protesting the white nationalists in the city. Two other Virginia State Police Department officers were killed the same day in a helicopter crash authorities linked to the unrest.", "label": 0, "id": 524}
{"text": "Tucker Carlson said that Hillary Clinton spun a yarn of conspiracy theories about her election loss during a speech on Wednesday. Mike Huckabee joined \"Fox &amp; Friends\" to discuss Hillary Clinton's return to the public eye with a speech over the weekend in the Poconos. A retired NYPD detective and private investigator running against New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio posted a video to Facebook challenging the Democrat to a push-up contest. A professor at a southern California college went on a diatribe against President-elect Donald Trump, and the unnamed student who recorded her may be facing punishment.", "label": 0, "id": 209}
{"text": "Once this Harvey Weinstein debacle is completely finished, Hollywood will be a haven of racial, gender and financial equality. Ha, ha \u2014 right. The ongoing saga of Harvey Weinstein\u2019s downfall continues with news about the former mogul possibly being stripped of his Oscar. As police in New York and London investigate the many complaints against him of sexual assault, rumours persist that Weinstein will be booted from the Producers Guild of America. Meanwhile, the name of The Weinstein Company will be changed and Weinstein\u2019s name will be taken off future projects. Even the man\u2019s political contributions are being returned or handed over to women\u2019s charities. Other industry bigwigs and political leaders are being pilloried for not condemning Weinstein fast enough. His wife has left, his adult daughter feared he was suicidal, and people are lining up to savage the guy. Soon, he\u2019ll be drawn and quartered in a public place, no doubt. On the business side, it\u2019s been reported that The Weinstein Company is a shambles, with agents and talent trying to get themselves and their projects away from the bad smell, and upcoming films such as The Current War and The Upside in release limbo. The Financial Times says that Goldman Sachs is \u201cexploring options\u201d for its small stake in The Weinstein Company \u2014 and really, people, if the Goldman Sachs is taking the moral high ground, consider yourself toast. So why \u2014 just out of interest \u2014 is a 30-year problem coming to light now? Did we reach a tipping point? Was Mr. Weinstein\u2019s career in decline? Is there a power struggle nobody knows about in the offices of the company? Have we reached some sort of landmark in the ongoing saga of sexual impropriety and the war between men and women? Doubtful. Still, it\u2019s interesting that several formerly untouchable guys have been taken down recently, including Bill Cosby, Bill O\u2019Reilly, Roger Ailes and Donald Trump, that last dude being just a bit tougher to get rid of than the others. Why is the Weinstein case different? It\u2019s not as if Harvey Weinstein varies much from all the other handsy creeps in his business \u2014 ooh, the names we\u2019d insert here \u2014 and casting couch stories have plagued the industry since Florence Lawrence first fluttered her eyelashes circa 1906. Some of the more interesting fallout from the Weinstein case involves the support weasels \u2014 every Weinstein staffer who knew things were rotten is under a cloud, and so is every agent, manager, casting agent, publicist or assistant who knowingly sent some poor girl to talk to Weinstein in a hotel room. And how about the lawyers who handled the hush money all those years? Be interesting to see who gets tackled next. Since Weinstein is no doubt just a difference in degree, not in kind, it\u2019s tough to say if this uproar will change anything on a permanent basis in his industry. Still, it would be interesting to know why Hollywood is such a sleazy place. The movie industry really is a cesspool of sexual harassment and bullying; hard to know how so many people go to work every day in such an atmosphere of fear and loathing. Many an analyst has decreed that vast amounts of money and power will do it every time, and maybe that\u2019s true \u2014 look at Dominique Strauss-Kahn, or Silvio Berlusconi, or even l\u2019il old home-grown Jian Ghomeshi. People will risk a lot to get anywhere near rich and famous, and an industry that allows ordinary people \u2014 capable of memorizing dialogue and playing make-believe \u2014 to be treated like gods is an industry in which every sort of predatory behaviour will no doubt thrive. How to explain the sexually predatory behaviour of men in every other industry is a bit more of a mystery. Play Video Play Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Remaining Time -0:00 This is a modal window. Foreground --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Opaque Background --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window --- White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan --- Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Default Monospace Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Sans-Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Riley Fleming and Wes Heffernan have been going back and forth all year, so why wouldn\u2019t you expect them to do the same thing in the PGA of Alberta Championship? \u201cWe\u2019ve been so close, it\u2019s\u2026", "label": 1, "id": 433}
{"text": "On 'Hannity,' Republican lawmaker from South Carolina says he wants to give John McCain the send-off he deserves.", "label": 1, "id": 397}
{"text": "Amal and George Clooney attend the Celebrity Fight Night In Italy Benefitting The Andrea Bocelli Foundation and The Muhammad Ali Parkinson Center Gala on September 7, 2014 in Florence, Italy. (Photo by Andrew Images for Celebrity Fight Night) \u2014 George and Amal Clooney have donated $1 million to Southern Poverty Law Center, a non-profit that strives to put an end to domestic hate groups and extremists, in response to the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, earlier this month. \u201cWhat happened in Charlottesville, and what is happening in communities across our country, demands our collective engagement to stand up to hate,\u201d the actor and humanitarian lawyer said in a joint statement. &gt;&gt; Related: More than 900 active hate groups in the U.S., report says On Aug. 12, a rally in Charlottesville turned violent when a group of white nationalists clashed with counterprotesters. One woman was killed when a car plowed into the crowd at the rally. According to Reuters, the donation comes from the Clooney Foundation for Justice, which the couple created in 2016 to promote justice worldwide in courtrooms and classrooms. Southern Poverty Law Center President Richard Cohen released a statement thanking the Clooneys for \u201cstanding with (the organization) at this critical moment in our country\u2019s fight against hate.\u201d Trending - Most Read Stories", "label": 0, "id": 488}
{"text": "As the GOP divides at the rate of human cells, and a self-destructive President Trump causes his own supporters to question how he can succeed, Democrats have refused to fill the leadership void with a better vision of governance. Instead, they are partnering with the flailing Republicans and their president in failure. Democrats are leaning indulgently on the politics of race and gratuitous opposition to Trump, and they appear content to be the party of sanctuary cities, safe spaces and single-payer health care. Weeks ago they released an \u201cagenda\u201d designed to offer voters \u201cA Better Deal,\u201d but who would know what\u2019s in it since all they talk about is Trump? Meanwhile, if Trump\u2019s trajectory doesn\u2019t improve, the party may face the weakest, most unpopular president in modern times in 2020 -- but with who? Sens. Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren are running, or think they are. Why are they being encouraged? Sounding like a garden-variety conservative, liberal New York Times columnist Charles Blow asked last week on Twitter: \u201cSerious question: What is the Dem party now in addition to anti-Trump? What does it stand for now? Also, who\u2019s leading? #GhostParty.\u201d The last two weeks have been Trump\u2019s worst in office, yet it seems the lower he sinks, Democratic leaders do likewise. The president\u2019s pathetic and irresponsible response to a white supremacist demonstration in Charlottesville -- where a protester was mowed down by a driver and killed -- has prompted not only fellow Republicans to criticize Trump but now his own National Economic Council director, Gary Cohn, as well. Still, Democrats went overboard. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi is calling on Congress to censure the president for the \u201crepulsiveness of his words and actions,\u201d adding that \u201cevery day, the president gives us further evidence of why such a censure is necessary.\u201d Rep. Adam Schiff, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, which is investigating Russian meddling in the 2016 election and any potential ties the president and his campaign had to those activities, responded Friday, saying in a Twitter post that he will co-sponsor a censure resolution because Trump \u201cexpresses views inimical to our values.\u201d Rep. Jackie Speier, another member of the committee, has called for Trump\u2019s removal under the 25th Amendment. Speier tweeted that \u201cPOTUS is showing signs of erratic behavior and mental instability that place the country in grave danger.\u201d Rep. Keith Ellison, deputy chairman of the Democratic National Committee, said on CNN Monday that POTUS has \u201csympathy\u201d for white supremacists. He\u2019s not just a congressman anymore but a party official -- no wonder the DNC\u2019s fundraising is at a record low. Rep. Maxine Waters, whose late-in-life internet fame recently landed her on \u201cThe View,\u201d tweeted the day after Charlottesville that \u201cTrump has made it clear - &amp; Gorka in the WH, &amp; the Klan in the streets, it is now the White Supremacists House. #Charlottesville.\u201d Should Democrats win back the House next year, Waters would be chairman of the Financial Services Committee, an influential voice at the leadership table. Former Vermont Gov. and DNC Chairman Howard \u201cThe Scream\u201d Dean said last week, \u201cIf you want to vote for a racist in the White House, then you better vote for Republicans.\u201d The party elder recently declared he would stop contributing to the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee because it will consider recruiting pro-life candidates. After all these years, eight of them during President Obama\u2019s two terms, Pelosi is now calling on the House Speaker Paul Ryan to remove Confederate statues -- which \u201chave always been reprehensible\u201d -- immediately from the halls of Congress \u201cif Republicans are serious about rejecting white supremacy.\u201d Polling after the events in Charlottesville show that while a majority of Americans disapprove of Trump\u2019s response, 62 percent said monuments to Confederate leaders should remain. Yet these monuments are suddenly a pressing federal issue to national Democrats. Former Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, who enjoys great respect across aisle, has gone a step further than his party\u2019s left, saying the statue removal is \u201cnot a matter of political correctness,\u201d but \u201cof public safety and homeland security.\u201d This from the man who never made the issue a priority as head of DHS. While countering Trump is essential -- after all, Republicans are doing the same -- the focus should remain on even more fundamental matters: guarding the Constitution and the separation of powers; stressing facts over falsehoods; preventing a government shutdown that Trump\u2019s lobbying for; defending the right to a free press to hold him accountable; urging him to pay cost-sharing reduction payments under the Affordable Care Act to provide more certainty to the fragile exchanges; and pushing for any bipartisan cooperation possible on health care, tax reform and infrastructure projects. Democrats must leave the fight to stop him and his family from running a kleptocracy, an issue the GOP remains silent on, to outsiders who have filed lawsuits. Leave the statue debate to the states. Leave the questions of his stability to Republicans like Sen. Bob Corker. Leave the Russia investigation to special counsel Robert Mueller. Let the media report on West Wing dysfunction or how much Trump television watches. Democrats should leave all that alone. Democrats must also decide whether they want President Obama back in the spotlight. Rudderless and leaderless, some party operators long for him swoop in and right the ship, yet they still blame him for sinking it with epic election losses from 2009 to 2016. As they attempt to plot a path forward and regain seats in state legislatures, governorships, the U.S. House and Senate -- and someday the White House -- Democrats need new faces and leaders and can\u2019t lean too heavily on the 44th president. Yet some are calling for him to be a loud voice: \u201cNone of the potential Democratic presidential candidates have the visibility or credibility to be effective,\u201d party strategist Brad Bannon told The Hill. Finally, as Democrats like Reps. Brad Sherman, Al Green and Gwen Moore continue to push for impeachment, party leaders must avoid what Obama\u2019s onetime senior adviser David Axelrod warned would likely be a costly mistake. \u201cRemember: A third of the country supports this president,\" he said on CNN. \"That's a very dangerous road to go down. And if you ever did go down that road, you\u2019re opening a Pandora\u2019s box that will never end.\" What\u2019s already in that box is widespread voter disgust. People are turning away from both parties and the pool of gettable voters is shrinking, which means base politics will be less and less effective in the years to come. Democrats must convince voters they take governing more seriously than partisan politics and will focus on economic growth instead of statues, tweets and Russia. Or they can stay in the minority a lot longer. A.B. Stoddard is associate editor of RealClearPolitics and a columnist. She is also host of \"No Labels Radio\" on Sirius XM's POTUS Channel. Secret Message from God Found in Human DNA (See What It Says)", "label": 1, "id": 18}
{"text": "Major League Baseball, the sport of Jackie Robinson and long ago a touchstone of civil rights, saw its first athlete join the movement started by Colin Kaepernick and inflamed this weekend by President Trump. Oakland Athletics catcher Bruce Maxwell, who hinted at such an action earlier in the day, knelt during the national anthem before Saturday night's game against the Texas Rangers. From the @sfchronicle\u2019s Santiago Mejia, here is A\u2019s rookie Bruce Maxwell becoming the first MLB player to take a knee for the anthem: pic.twitter. 8QVY9hW15\u2014 Susan Slusser (@susanslusser) September 24, 2017 Maxwell, a 26-year-old catcher from Alabama, composed several tweets Saturday in the wake of President Trump's comments Friday night to \"fire the sons of (expletives)\" in the NFL who kneeled for the anthem. Kaepernick's protest was conceived in the wake of social injustices and the shooting of unarmed African Americans by law enforcement. Maxwell's tweets Saturday made it clear that Trump's verbiage took the movement to another level: \"This now has gone from just a BlackLives Matter topic to just complete inequality of any man or woman that wants to stand for Their rights!\" This now has gone from just a BlackLives Matter topic to just complete inequality of any man or woman that wants to stand for Their rights!\u2014 Bruce T Maxwell (@bruu_truu13) September 23, 2017 In a profane Instagram post, he implored \"every single NFL player\" to kneel on Sunday, and then he followed up his words with actions before Saturday night's game in Oakland, kneeling in the dirt in front of the A's dugout at the Coliseum. There was immediate support from his organization. Teammate Mark Canha kept a hand on Maxwell's shoulder as he engaged in his protest as the anthem played, and wrapped him in a hug once it concluded. And the A's sent out a message of support moments after the protest. Maxwell has played in 104 career games and has a lifetime .256 batting average. He entered the season as the A's 10th-best prospect, according to Baseball America. Maxwell, like Kaepernick an African American of mixed race, was born in Germany while his father was stationed there in the Army. He was raised in Alabama, site of Trump's Friday night speech during which the president blasted NFL players for kneeling during the anthem and also bemoaned what he seemed to consider an overriding concern within the league for brain injuries. Saturday morning, Trump took umbrage at Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry's reluctance to visit the White House and rescinded any invitation. Trump's speech and morning-after tweets aroused a sports world that had largely let Kaepernick - currently without an NFL job - kneel alone since his protest began in August 2016. As NFL players geared up for what may be a significant day of protest before Sunday's games, and NBA players blasted the president on social media as well, Maxwell's Twitter and Instagram feeds went beyond his usual penchant for Alabama Crimson Tide football. A post shared by bruce_maxwell (@bruce_maxwell) on But until he took a knee before Saturday's game, baseball did not yet have a player join in anthem protests that started with Kaepernick and continued through various NFL players and even to U.S. women's national soccer team star Megan Rapinoe. The NFL and NBA are both majority African American leagues. Major League Baseball's decline in African American participation has been well-documented and this year, just 7.1% of players on opening-day rosters were black, according to a USA TODAY Sports analysis. That's the lowest percentage since 1958. In September 2016, shortly after Kaepernick's protests began, Baltimore Orioles All-Star outfielder Adam Jones told USA TODAY Sportsthat a similar protest in MLB was unlikely because African-American players \"already have two strikes against us, so you might as well not kick yourself out of the game. In football, you can\u2019t kick them out. You need those players. In baseball, they don\u2019t need us. \u201cBaseball is a white man\u2019s sport.\u2019\u2019 Saturday night, Maxwell took that risk, inspired to act by what he saw around him and unafraid of any consequences.", "label": 0, "id": 553}
{"text": "Hillary Clinton speaks during a rally in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. (Getty) Hillary Clinton is beginning to increase her odds of winning Florida in many election forecasts, while other models say that Donald Trump is now likely to capture the state. On November 6th, FiveThirtyEight was forecasting a Donald Trump victory in Florida, giving him a 52.5 percent chance of winning. The state has flipped from red to blue in the past 24 hours; as of November 7th, the FiveThirtyEight model now gives Donald Trump a 48.5 percent chance of winning Florida, with Hillary Clinton having the better odds of 51.6 percent. On their forecast, we can see a clear dip that occurs in the immediate aftermath of the news that the FBI would be looking into new emails relevant to the Hillary Clinton investigation, but now her lead is beginning to rise again. FiveThirtyEight is also forecasting that Hillary Clinton will win 48.2 percent of the popular vote in Florida, while Donald Trump will receive 48.0 percent of it. But in The New York Times\u2019 The Upshot, Florida is actually beginning to move in Donald Trump\u2019s direction. On November 6th, the Times\u2019 model gave Hillary Clinton a 70 percent chance of winning the state, but now, this number has gone down to 66 percent. And two weeks ago, before the FBI news was released, Hillary Clinton had an 80 percent chance of winning Florida on The Upshot. The model currently gives Clinton an 84 percent chance of becoming the next president. Clearly, Clinton does not absolutely need Florida to win, while Donald Trump almost certainly can\u2019t reach 270 Electoral College votes without it. On PredictWise, Hillary Clinton now has better odds of winning Florida than she did yesterday. On November 6th, Clinton was given a 73 percent chance of winning Florida by PredictWise, but now that has gone up two points to 75 percent. Surprisingly, PredictWise is actually giving Clinton better odds of winning Florida today than she had prior to the FBI announcement on October 28th. Hours before that news dropped, Clinton\u2019s odds of winning Florida were at 72 percent. In the aftermath of that bombshell, her odds fell all the way down to 58 percent, but she has now more than recovered from it. Nationally, PredictWise gives Clinton an 89 percent chance of winning the election, up two points since yesterday. Meanwhile, a dramatic shift has taken place on The Huffington Post\u2019s forecast. On Sunday, this model gave Clinton a 93 percent chance of winning Florida, and the state was placed in the \u201cprobable Clinton\u201d column. Twenty-four hours later, Florida has been moved into the \u201cbattleground\u201d column, and her odds of winning the state have dropped down to 89 percent. The Huffington Post has also moved North Carolina from \u201cprobable Clinton\u201d into \u201cbattleground.\u201d One day ago, Clinton\u2019s projected minimum number of Electoral College votes was 317, but now that has dropped down to 273. Clinton has seen a very slight bump in DailyKos\u2018 election forecast, though. On November 6th, they gave her a 74 percent chance of winning Florida, but that has now gone up one point to 75 percent. This bump also came as DailyKos released its final election prediction. They expect Hillary Clinton to win 323 Electoral College votes \u2013 including that of North Carolina and Florida \u2013 and Donald Trump to win 215 votes. It\u2019s easy to see why all these shifts have taken place, as several key Florida polls were released on Monday that show the race to be much tighter than it was just one day ago. Yesterday, Hillary Clinton was ahead in Real Clear Politics\u2019 Florida polling average by 0.9 percentage points, but today, Trump leads by 0.3 percent. No polls have yet been released that reflect the FBI\u2019s recent announcement that they would still not be recommending charges against Hillary Clinton after reviewing the new set of e-mails, so it remains to be seen if Clinton will be able to recover even more of her lead in the aftermath of that news. 6 Comments", "label": 0, "id": 149}
{"text": "North Korean leader and and monster heel Kim Jong-Un attends the test of a missile dropkick. Geopolitical tensions are mounting after state-run North Korean news media released footage of what appears to be the successful test of a devastating missile dropkick. In newly released footage, North Korean President Kim Jong-Un is seen celebrating as missile dropkick collides feet-first with an ocean target, causing a huge \u201cbump.\u201d The missile dropkick was reportedly launched from the country\u2019s Technical Operations Pad for Thermonuclear and Underwater Reconnaissance Networks of Ballistics Used for Catastrophic Kinetic Launching Exercises, or T.O.P. T.U.R.N.B.U.C.K.L.E. International weaponry experts have long known that North Korea is capable of launching a Powerbomb \u2014 perhaps even an Exploder Suplex \u2014 but the possibility that the country now has a missile dropkick in its arsenal has caused alarm worldwide and throughout the WWE Universe. U.S. President and WWE Hall of Famer Donald Trump has insisted he has \u201czero tolerance\u201d for North Korea\u2019s missile dropkick tests and will, if necessary, send Bobby Lashley over to \u201ctake care of them\u201d before Trump himself shaves Kim Jong-Un\u2019s head.", "label": 0, "id": 380}
{"text": "On Sunday night crazed killer Stephen Paddock murdered 58 people and injured another 500 at the Harvest 91 Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada. Investigators are still looking for a motive. The killer left a cryptic note on a table in his room the night of the attack. There are now reports that the cryptic note was full of random numbers. The Metro reported: A cryptic note full of random numbers has been found in the Las Vegas shooter\u2019s hotel room, police say. Authorities are still trying to find out what drove Stephen Paddock to launching the worst mass shooting in US history. The mystery piece of paper was found near his dead body and Sheriff Lombardo said it\u2019s been sent off for analysis. It is not believed to be a suicide note. The 64-year-old to killed 58 and injured 489 when he opened fire on people at the Route 91 Harvest Festival off the Las Vegas strip on Sunday night. Investigators are looking into whether Paddock also planned a car bombing. Investigative journalist Laura Loomer noticed something interesting. The killer targeted the Harvest 91 festival on October 1 or 10-1. The numbers come out to: 91 10-1 or 9-11-01. Coincidence? I was thinking about the numerology surrounding the #LasVegasShooting at Harvest 91 on October 1. 91 10-1 That would be 9/11/01. Eerie. pic.twitter. 8S \u2014 Laura Loomer (@LauraLoomer) October 7, 2017 Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 168}
{"text": "It\u2019s not often that a suspect\u2019s attorney calls the police officer who arrested him a \u201ctrue hero;\u201d but in John Picerno\u2019s eyes, that exactly what Overland Park Police Sergeant Scott Ferguson is. Back in April, Ferguson was on night patrol when he spotted a vehicle driving along the wrong side of road with no headlights on. He pulled the car over, but the driver quickly took off again\u2026only to crash into a fire hydrant. Dash cam footage from Ferguson\u2019s patrol car then shows the drunk driver exiting his vehicle. He stood there hunched over with his hands behind his back, until Ferguson began approaching. That\u2019s when the driver pulled out a pistol. Rather than brandishing his own weapon, Ferguson wrestled the gun out of the driver\u2019s hands \u2013 and the driver to the ground where he was finally handcuffed. At his hearing in August, the suspect pleaded guilty to aggravated assault and battery on a law enforcement officer, as well as driving under the influence. After serving 170 days of his sentence, he was placed on probation. But according to Picerno, his lawyer, he should just be thankful he\u2019s alive. \u201cHe is very lucky and both he and his family are very grateful for the officer, Sgt. Scott Ferguson, who exercised extreme discretion during the incident,\u201d Picerno said according to the Kansas City Star. He added that Ferguson likely would\u2019ve been justified in firing his weapon in that situation. \u201cNo one is tougher on law enforcement than me,\u201d he continued. \u201cI have to say Sgt. Ferguson is a true hero in my book. He is an example of what good policing looks like.\u201d We couldn\u2019t agree more. You can watch the dash cam video here.", "label": 0, "id": 484}
{"text": "A roundup of some of the most popular, but completely untrue, headlines of the week. None of these stories are legit, even though they were shared widely on social media. The Associated Press checked these out; here are the real facts: NOT REAL: Charlottesville Killer Was Hillary Supporter, Funded By Soros THE FACTS: James Fields, who's charged with murder after police say he drove his car into a Charlottesville, Virginia, crowd last weekend, supported President Donald Trump during the 2016 campaign, his former teacher told the AP. GoFundMe confirmed that it removed \"multiple campaigns\" to raise money for Fields; none were started by billionaire George Soros, who has been a frequent target of hoax sites. The stories shared by YourNewsWire and other sites claim Fields' arrest is part of a \"false flag\" aimed at sparking a civil war. _ NOT REAL: President Trump Fires All 14 Muslim Federal Judges THE FACTS: There aren't any Muslims on the federal bench and the president has no authority to fire federal judges. Abid Qureshi, a Washington, D.C., attorney, was nominated last year by former President Barack Obama to be the first Muslim federal judge, but he wasn't confirmed by the Senate. The hoax story by a site named As American As Apple Pie and shared by others also claimed Trump used the \"evacuation clause\" to remove the judges. There is no such clause that is part of federal law. _ NOT REAL: MYSTERIOUS NAZI SUBMARINE FROM WWII DISCOVERED IN GREAT LAKES THE FACTS: Divers didn't find a German U-boat at the bottom of the Lake Ontario despite a story posted last year by admitted hoax outlet World Daily News Report, shared recently by other sites. The story suggests the ship may have sunk during the non-existent Battle of Niagara Falls. The photos included with the article show in reality a rusted Soviet submarine and two divers from a 2010 expedition to the North Pole by a French team. _ NOT REAL: British PM Theresa May: Pedophiles Should be Allowed to Adopt Children Too THE FACTS: The story by Neon Nettle is based on a 2010 article by a British law professor that called for May, who was the U.K.'s home secretary at the time, to relax rules banning sex offenders from caring from children. May had previously ordered a review of vetting procedures for adults coming into regular contact with children other than their own, but May's spokesman said at the time that her office wouldn't consider allowing pedophiles to adopt. _ NOT REAL: What Adam Sandler is Saying About Mormons THE FACTS: The comedian didn't come to the defense of Mormons on a recent podcast, despite a slew of identical articles on websites designed to look like local news outlets. The story claims Sandler stepped into say Mormons were \"decent people\" when an unnamed interviewer began to disparage them. All of the sites include a disclaimer saying the stories on them aren't real. _ This weekly fixture is part of The Associated Press' ongoing efforts to fact-check claims in suspected false news stories. _", "label": 0, "id": 234}
{"text": "We\u2019re talking the real deal here, not that namby-pamby chemical castration. An Alabama lawmaker introduced a bill Monday that would require certain sex offenders to be permanently and physically castrated prior to being released from prison. The offenders that the bill targets are the worst of the worst \u2014 predators of young children. Republican Rep. Steve Hurst introduced the measure requiring anyone older than 21 who is convicted of \u201ccertain sex offenses\u201d against children age 12 or younger to pay for the surgical procedure before they serve the end of their prison sentence. This isn\u2019t a first for Hurst \u2014 he\u2019s introduced similar legislation seven times since 2006, but most of his efforts never made it out of committee, according to CBS News. He was prompted to begin this crusade as the result of a visit from a foster parent advocacy group that relayed a \u201chorrible\u201d story of abuse. \u201cI\u2019ve often wondered what that child went through, physically and mentally, and what kind of shape he\u2019s in now,\u201d Hurst said Monday. \u201cThey (sex offenders) have marked these children for life. They will never get over it. And if they\u2019ve marked children for life, they need to be marked for life.\u201d CBS News reported: Hurst in 2005 agreed to remove castration requirements from legislation setting tougher sentences for sex offenders. Several House members at the time told The Associated Press they feared the castration language would have made the bill unconstitutional. In 2011, Hurst co-sponsored a bill that classified the sexual abuse of a child 6 years or younger as a capital offense, allowing courts to sentence offenders to life without parole. Alabama residents have mixed feelings about the measure. \u201cSomebody that wants to mess with a little girl or little boy that age should be castrated, and they should not be able to mess with any other kids,\u201d Keith Dison told CBS affiliate WIAT. \u201cI understand prison and going to prison for a long time for some kind of crime like that, but to physical mutilate someone\u2026that\u2019s a little out there\u2026it\u2019s crazy,\u201d Jessica George told the station. Watch the report via CBS News.", "label": 0, "id": 586}
{"text": "A convoy used by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria has become a death trap for fighters with the radical Islamic terrorist group. American planes have carried out a number of air strikes on ISIS forces while largely avoiding civilian casualties. According to multiple reports and Pentagon spokesmen, the convoy consisted of 17 buses that were departing an ISIS-held enclave after striking a deal with the radical Islamic terrorist group Hezbollah and the Syrian army. However, the United States scrambled assets to attack the convoy, and cratered the road ahead of the busses. A U.S. Air Force F-16 Fighting Falcon flies over Iraq in support of Operation Inherent Resolve April 5, 2016. (U.S. Air Force photo by Staff Sgt. Corey ) While six of the vehicles turned back towards the city of Palmyra, the other 11 have been stranded for at least 10 days. Since then, they have become almost irresistible bait for the terrorist group. Over 85 terrorists have been hit by coalition air strikes since the convoy was stranded. This has saved the United States and the rest of the anti-ISIS coalition the time and effort of hunting them down. The U.S.-lead anti-ISIS coalition has allowed deliveries of food and water to the convoy, to which ISIS fighters have been drawn to \"[l]ike moths to the flame,\" according to comments by DOD spokesman Ryan Dillon, an Army colonel. ISIS militants loaded into buses who fled Lebanon in a peace deal with Hezbollah. (Screengrab from YouTube UNB News) \"We were able to exploit it and take advantage,\" he said, noting that over 40 vehicles, from technicals to a tank, have been hit trying to aid the convoy. \"We were able to continue to just observe and pick them off one at a time,\" Col. Dillon added. The experienced ISIS troops have also apparently grown frustrated during the siege. During one of the deliveries, an internal squabble broke out. A line of ISIS soldiers. \"You could clearly tell they were going to fisticuffs,\" Dillon said. There was no word on whether the internal fighting among the ISIS terrorists saved the coalition additional trouble.", "label": 0, "id": 486}
{"text": "So there is a new meme going around on Twitter, that is becoming so popular even Kenny G is getting in on the action. It\u2019s basic set up is a multiple choice dating profile questionnaire asking you who you are and what you\u2019re looking for. It\u2019s been around for almost a week, but really took off in the last few days, and I\u2019m not even sure what to call it since it doesn\u2019t seem to have an official name. There are a million great spins on this, but here are some of our faves! 1. I'm: \u26aa\ufe0fa man\u26aa\ufe0fa woman?coming out of my cage And I've: \u26aa\ufe0fnever felt this way before\u26aa\ufe0fhad the time of my life?been doing just fine \u2014 bumblegoat (@NECROMANClNG) August 19, 2017 2. Some:\u26aa\ufe0fMan\u26aa\ufe0fWoman?Body Once told me, the\u26aa\ufe0fMan\u26aa\ufe0fWoman?World was gonna roll me I ain't the:\u26aa\ufe0fMan\u26aa\ufe0fWoman?Sharpest tool in the shed \u2014 Noah Oxendale (@noahoxendale) August 20, 2017 3. And they were: \u26aa Very nice\u26aa Walking? Roommates Oh my god, they were: \u26aa Dead\u26aa Nearby? Roommates \u2014 Kristian (@celestialmiller) August 20, 2017 4. I am a: ? Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0f Men\u26aa\ufe0f Women? Beyonces 2016 LEMONADE album to receive the album of the year Grammy it deserved! \u2014 Jack (@Shnapped) August 15, 2017 5. I am a: ?Man\u26aa\ufe0fWoman Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0fMen\u26aa\ufe0fWomen?That damn fourth Chaos Emerald pic.twitter. 8Y1FPo \u2014 Lonely Goomba (@LonelyGoomba) August 20, 2017 6. steve: big man in a suit of armor, take that away what are you? tony: ? genius? billionaire? playboy? philanthropist \u2014 m (@tjhmmnd) August 20, 2017 7. I'm a \u26aa\ufe0f Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman? G Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0f A Relationship\u26aa\ufe0f Casual Sax? Serious Sax \u2014 Kenny G (@kennyg) August 20, 2017 8. I am a: ?Gundam Fighter \u26aa\ufe0fWoman Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0fMen \u26aa\ufe0fWomen ?This man. Have you seen him around town? pic.twitter. 2p \u2014 Kraker (@kraker2k) August 20, 2017 9. I am a \u26aa\ufe0fman ?bro \u26aa\ufe0fwoman looking for \u26aa\ufe0fwoman ?another bro to chill five feet away from in a hot tub because i'm not gay\u26aa\ufe0fman \u2014 em (@parkerisadork) August 19, 2017 10. I am a:\u26aa Male\u26aa Female? Clown Fish Looking for:\u26aa A boyfriend\u26aa A girlfriend? My son Nemo \u2014 Trevor Jones (@jonestm97) August 19, 2017 11. two: \u26aa\ufe0fmen\u26aa\ufe0fwomen?bros sitting in a: \u26aa\ufe0fpool\u26aa\ufe0fjacuzzi?hot tub five feet apart cause they're not: \u26aa\ufe0fstraight\u26aa\ufe0face?gay \u2014 ari (@aurorahowlter) August 20, 2017 12. I am a: \u26aa\ufe0fMan\u26aa\ufe0fWoman?Father Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0fMen\u26aa\ufe0fWomen?MY SON HAVE YOU SEEN MY SON pic.twitter. 9wenYt \u2014 Scampi (@lmScampi) August 20, 2017 13. I am a: \u26aa\ufe0fMan\u26aa\ufe0fWoman?Gordon Ramsey Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0fMen\u26aa\ufe0fWomen?THE LAMB SAUCE \u2014 lis (@abratasas) August 20, 2017 14. Where did you: ?come from?\u26aa\ufe0fgo? Where did you: \u26aa\ufe0f come from?go? Where did you: ?come from?\u26aa\ufe0fgo? Cotton-Eyed Joe \u2014 ? (@oscarewilde) August 19, 2017 15. I am a\u26aa\ufe0f man\u26aa\ufe0f woman? evil sorcerer Shang Tsung Seeking\u26aa\ufe0f men\u26aa\ufe0f women? to challenge Earthrealm's greatest champions in MORTAL KOMBAT \u2014 Jared Rosen (@notquitefrodo) August 20, 2017 16. what team?\u26aa\ufe0fcobras?wildcats\u26aa\ufe0fravens what team?\u26aa\ufe0fbulldogs?wildcats\u26aa\ufe0fpanthers WILDCATS?GET'CHA HEAD IN THE GAME \u2014 beth (@midtownhoIIand) August 20, 2017 17. i am a: \u26aa\ufe0f man? woman looking for: \u26aa\ufe0f men\u26aa\ufe0f women? thor: ragnarok getting the hype it deserves \u2014 pinned (@gaytonys) August 17, 2017 18. I am a: ? Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0f Men\u26aa\ufe0f Women? Mariah Carey's Grammys that were wrongfully snubbed from 1995 masterpiece Daydream \u2014 . (@illcurable) August 15, 2017 19. I am a: \u26aa\ufe0fMan\u26aa\ufe0fWoman?Pac-Man Looking for: \u26aa\ufe0fMen\u26aa\ufe0fWomen? The ability to press Z without immediately falling into a dark depression pic.twitter. 4 \u2014 its_me_klc (@its_me_klc) August 20, 2017 20. AH: \u26aa\ufe0fO\u26aa\ufe0fAH?\u1d43\u02b0 stop i could've dropped my: \u26aa\ufe0fdonut \u26aa\ufe0fbagel ?croissant \u2014 juliah (@spideystights) August 20, 2017 21. I am a:\u26aa\ufe0f Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman? Genji Looking for:\u26aa\ufe0f Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman? Healing \u2014 Tina ? (@TinaDayton) August 20, 2017 22. I am a:\u26aa\ufe0f Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman? Young Boy Looking for:\u26aa\ufe0f Man\u26aa\ufe0f Woman? My father to take me into the city to see a marching band \u2014 Spiciest Emo Meme (@ThyArtIsMemes) August 20, 2017 23. I'm:\u26aa\ufe0f a man\u26aa\ufe0f a woman? guy fieri and I'm:\u26aa\ufe0f running\u26aa\ufe0f walking? rolling out looking for americas greatest diners drive-ins and dives \u2014 Chance Harbour (@ChanceHarbour) August 20, 2017", "label": 0, "id": 555}
{"text": "Obama legacy being trashed. Via Daily Caller: Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Scott Pruitt announced he would sign a proposed rule to repeal the centerpiece of former President Barack Obama\u2019s plan to fight global warming. Pruitt announced his intention to withdraw the Clean Power Plan (CPP) to applause from a crowd gathered at a mining event on Monday. EPA has been working to repeal the CPP for months. The Obama administration finalized the CPP in 2015, which aims to cut carbon dioxide emissions from power plants 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. Obama used the CPP as part of his plant to meet the goals of the Paris climate accord.", "label": 0, "id": 232}
{"text": "August Ames left behind a suicide note before tragically taking her own life. Find out what she wrote in her final message here. Before taking her life, August Ames left a suicide note behind in her car. Within the note that was addressed to her family and friends, August allegedly apologized for killing herself in a public park, The Blast reports. However, according to the Medical Examiner, August failed to mention the bullying and online harassment she suffered in the days leading up to her suicide at any point in her message, which was discovered by authorities. We reported earlier how the Ventura County Medical Examiner spokesperson said that the official cause of death was asphyxiation from hanging herself, an act which she committed in a park 20 minutes away from her home. Immediately after her death, many of her friends initially believed that she had taken her life as a result of cyberbullying after August tweeted about refusing to do a scene with a male adult performer who had done gay porn. While the suicide note did not indicate that bullying was an impetus for August taking her own life, we reported earlier how Dr. Jenn Mann informed us that bully victims are 229 times more likely to commit suicide than non-victims, according to a study by Yale University. It\u2019s now also come to light that August reportedly had mental health issues that stemmed from when she was allegedly sexually assaulted as a kid. One of August\u2019s friends and fellow porn star Alison Tyler said that the porn industry could have been a lot more supportive of August, and that August had never been \u201chomophobic\u201d despite claims that a controversial tweet she posted was potentially gay-bashing. Click here to see the saddest celebrity deaths of 2017. HollywoodLifers, do you think more light will be shed on August\u2019s death? Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below.", "label": 0, "id": 246}
{"text": "Regarding Jennifer Rubin, Washington Post, Oct. 7: The Washington Post has the audacity to call out Fox News and the GOP while writing its liberal garbage defending Hillary Clinton and Democrats, who have led this country down a dangerous path of socialist leaning. I know this paper is being led by an ex-Post employee, but please give your readers a break. The Statesman must have an editorial department; why not use them instead of importing this junk. Karl Betar, Meridian Breaking News Be the first to know when big news breaks Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms", "label": 1, "id": 373}
{"text": "It was one year ago today. During the second presidential debate in St. Louis, Missouri, candidate Trump told Hillary Clinton, \u201cYou\u2019d be in jail!\u201d when he enters the White House. IT WAS THE BEST DEBATE LINE EVER! TRUMP to Hillary: BOOM! It\u2019s now been one year and Trump supporters are still waiting to see Crooked Hillary behind bars. Trump supporters weren\u2019t kidding when they chanted, \u201cLock her up!\u201d at Trump rally after Trump rally. In 2015 former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani famously said Hillary Clinton should be investigated for breaking 15 federal laws. Rudy Giuliani: General Petraeus was got prosecuted for doing approximately one-tenth of what she\u2019s alleged to have done\u2026 There are specific federal crimes, I could give you a list of fifteen of them if you\u2019d like, that she should be investigated for, for which there needs to be an answer. According to the public record, the answer to many of those is there is probable cause to believe she committed a crime. I qualify that by saying the public record. It\u2019s been a year since President Trump told Hillary Clinton to her face that he would lock her up. Americans are tired of a two-tiered judicial system \u2014 one for the elites and one for the common man. Attorney General Jeff Sessions needs to get on it. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 139}
{"text": "All Countries Australia Bermuda Canada England New Zealand Northern Ireland Republic of Ireland Scotland United States All States Alaska Alabama Arkansas Arizona California Colorado Connecticut District of Columbia Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Virginia Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming American Samoa Guam Marshall Islands Micronesia Northern Marianas Palau Puerto Rico U.S. Virgin Islands U.S. Minor Outlying Islands All Michigan obituaries Ann Arbor News Battle Creek Enquirer Bay City Times Benzie County Record Patriot Big Rapids News Cheboygan Daily Tribune Daily Tribune Detroit Free Press Flint Journal Gladwin County Record and Beaverton Clarion Grand Rapids Press Grand Traverse Insider Heritage Newspapers Hometown Life Huron Daily Tribune Ionia Sentinel Iosco County News-Herald Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Lansing State Journal Livingston Daily Press &amp; Argus Manistee News Advocate Midland Daily News MLive.com MLive.com Monroe News Morning Star Publishing Morning Sun Muskegon Chronicle Oscoda Press Saginaw News on MLive.com Sturgis Journal The Daily Reporter The Daily Telegram The Detroit News The Herald Review The Hillsdale Daily News The Holland Sentinel The Lake County Star The Leader The Macomb Daily The Oakland Press The Sault News The Times Herald The Voice", "label": 0, "id": 458}
{"text": "Tuesday January 17, 2017: Eric hopes for a breakthrough, Thomas and Steffy chat about their lives, and Bill counsels Liam to have patience. In San Francisco, Ridge pours a drink and Quinn accepts another as well. She asks him to leave, but he\u2019s not going anywhere. Quinn warns Ridge that if he thinks she\u2019d betray Eric, he doesn\u2019t know a damn thing about her. Ridge invites her to make him understand. Quinn opens up about feeling disrespected and used repeatedly. She recalls how Bill tossed her aside, and all the men who came after him were the same. Ridge notes he\u2019s nothing like Bill Spencer. Incredulous, Quinn points out what Ridge was planning to do to her \u2013 he\u2019s exactly like him! She says Eric is the first man to respect her and she\u2019s not giving that up\u2026ever. Ridge explains it\u2019s his job to protect his dad from people like her. Quinn counters if she was a golddigger she would have gone after Bill\u2019s millions. She becomes emotional describing what it was like to raise Wyatt while poor and trying to start a business. Ridge sees why she built a wall around herself, but says she went too far, with Liam for example. Quinn screams that she hates who she was then, but finally she has a life worth living because of love. \u201cI am not letting you take that away from me!\u201d Ridge reiterates that he wants to protect his father since Quinn goes through the world pushing people away. Quinn protests that she had to, to survive, but Eric saw through that and took a chance on her. She sobs that after years of being alone anymore, she\u2019s not now, and she doesn\u2019t ever want to be alone again. Ridge softens, and assures her she\u2019s not alone. He can see why his father fell for her \u2013 he sees the beautiful woman she hides from the world. \u201cIt\u2019s going to be fine.\u201d Ridge warns she has to stop spinning webs and building walls. \u201cYou\u2019re amazing. Trust that.\u201d They embrace\u2026and then kiss. Both look stunned. At the Forrester mansion, Katie is concerned about being alone with Eric while Quinn\u2019s out of town. He reassures his neighbor that Quinn trusts him as much as he trusts her. They joke about Ridge and Quinn being in San Francisco. Eric is hoping for some sort of breakthrough. In Malibu, Bill and Liam discuss Spencer Publications business, but Liam is distracted. He wants Steffy to come home. Bill opens up about his frustrations with Brooke. He counsels that sometimes you just have to know that things will work out even if it takes time. Bill predicts Steffy will move back in with Liam and Brooke\u2019s marriage to Ridge won\u2019t happen. Bill is certain Ridge will mess up; he always does. Just in: B&amp;B\u2019s Linsey Godfrey reveals photos of herself as a zombie for Living With the Dead role At the loft, Thomas tells Steffy he doesn\u2019t know when Caroline is coming back. He hints that when she and Douglas do arrive, it would be nice not to have a roommate. Steffy explains that she\u2019s waiting to move back into Liam\u2019s out of fairness to Wyatt. Talk turns to Quinn. Steffy will never trust her. Thomas wonders why she hasn\u2019t had a meltdown yet. Steffy just hopes Eric\u2019s not too badly hurt when she does. Next on The Bold and the Beautiful: Ridge and Quinn are surprised by their changing feelings toward one another. Photo credit: Howard - Candace Young", "label": 0, "id": 157}
{"text": "Ashley Judd is the absolute worst. I want to like her, I really do. Sometimes she chooses a good cause, like speaking up for trafficked and abused children. Those are the activities she should stick to. Unfortunately, Judd had to go to the \"Women's March,\" where hundreds of thousands of women wore pink \"pussy\" hats while claiming to be upset that Trump had used that word once. She performed ridiculous slam poetry, screeching defamatory accusations about the president wanting to have sex with his daughter and about other terrible things about which she had no first-hand knowledge. (You can watch the video below if you have the stomach for it.) But at no time did she ever discuss a man who she did know did horrific things. No \"by the way, Harvey Weinstein is a dirtbag who tried to get me to watch him shower for a part.\" Why didn't that come up? I find it very difficult to believe Judd is this angry at Donald Trump, a man who has never done anything to her, or provably to anybody, when there is a man who did do something horrible to her whom she could be screeching about. She needs therapy. And possibly tranquilizers. Jennifer Lawrence was recently interviewed for her epic fail of a movie, Mother, and gave Democratic talking points like \"equality for women in the workplace,\" blamed Trump for hurricanes, and rattled off the same tired Leftist arguments we've heard forever. During another interview, she claimed that she is terrified of Trump and wanted to make a video of herself saying \"F*** you!\" to him. Lawrence claimed she felt she could be a spokesperson for women who are underpaid: I felt like I had a voice, people look at me and listen to me, and to not say anything, that's never sat well with me. That seems disingenuous, because she kept quiet about the creepy mogul who everyone in Hollywood appears to have known was abusing women. Why stay quiet over that? Don't you have a responsibility to alert other women that there is a serial sexual predator in their midst? Lawrence hasn't alleged any harassment from Weinstein, although she is seen looking awkward in many photos with him while he holds her too close to his massive girth. It wouldn't surprise me if she had first-hand knowledge of his depravity. Gwyneth Paltrow is the most apolitical in this list. While she supported Obama, she never had anything more interesting to say beyond how handsome she thinks he is. Mostly she spends her life divorcing people and selling outrageously priced trinkets to rich women online. While she doesn't fit in the category of commenting on Trump, she bears much responsibility in this scandal.", "label": 1, "id": 644}
{"text": "@ How much money did it cost the nation's taxpayers for Vice President and Official Glarer at North Korea Mike Pence to spend just enough time in Indianapolis on Sunday to storm out of a Colts game in protest of a protest? CNN has an estimate just for the plane alone: According to the Air Force, flying a C-32, the model of plane used for Air Force 2, for one hour costs about $30,0. Pence's flight from Las Vegas to Indianapolis Saturday took about three hours and 20 minutes, so it cost about $100,0. Pence then flew from Indianapolis to Los Angeles on Sunday, which took about four hours and 45 minutes, costing about $142,500. The grand total: about $242,500. Keep in mind this is just for the plane. It does not include any of the ancillary costs that accrue anytime the vice president travels anywhere. There were increased security costs to local police once Pence was on the ground in Indianapolis. Costs to locals stuck in traffic as roads were likely closed for his motorcade. Costs to the Colts to increase security at the stadium. And so on. All so Pence could release a statement that was the equivalent of his infamous stern gaze across the Demilitarized Zone at North Korea: I left today's Colts game because President Trump and I will not dignify any event that disrespects our soldiers, our Flag, or our National Anthem. At a time when so many Americans are inspiring our nation with their courage, resolve, and resilience, now, more than ever, we should rally around our Flag and everything that unites us. While everyone is entitled to their own opinions, I don't think it's too much to ask NFL players to respect the Flag and our National Anthem. I stand with President Trump, I stand with our soldiers, and I will always stand for our Flag and our National Anthem. Pence's office would like you to think this was just a spontaneous reaction by a man proud of his flag and his nation. This is belied by the fact that his reporters traveling with him were not allowed out of their vans when they arrived at the Colts' stadium but were told ahead of time that \u201cthere may be an early departure from the game by VPOTUS.\u201d It is also belied by this tweet sent Sunday afternoon by Donald Trump: I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled, disrespecting our country. I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen. The Colts were playing the San Francisco 49ers, the former team of Colin Kaepernick, who started the kneeling protests a year ago. The chances that Mike Pence would see players kneeling were approximately 100 percent. He knew this ahead of time, yet he still chose to fly from Las Vegas to Indianapolis despite the fact that he had to fly back to California immediately afterwards for fundraisers, just so he could get a picture of himself holding his hand over his heart (a picture his staff immediately made the header photo on his Twitter page) before theatrically storming out and scolding the NFL players for offending him. A real leader might have tried to find out exactly why the players started kneeling in the first place, which was to protest police brutality and racism, and then spoken with them and tried to figure out ways to address their concerns. Mike Pence did the exact opposite. As of Monday morning, he has yet to make a peep about the white nationalists returning to Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday night to once again rally around the Robert E. Lee statue there. That he is seemingly far more concerned with staging a political stunt slapping down African-American players protesting systemic racism tells you all you need to know about him. Oh, and to top it off, one of the fundraisers Pence is attending in California is for Dana Rohrabacher, the strongly pro-Russia congressman. Fiction writers could not make this up. Please note: This is a commentary piece. The views and opinions expressed within it are those of the author only and do not necessarily reflect the editorial opinion of IJR.", "label": 1, "id": 257}
{"text": "Governor Cuomo of New York is threatening to sue the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency to stop its ongoing raids to detain illegal immigrants wanted for serious crimes like assault and rape. A staggering 80% of those apprehended in recent ICE raids in New York were either convicted criminals or charged with crimes. But Mr. Cuomo is siding with criminals over their victims. He\u2019s playing politics. Faced with a challenge on his left flank from Cynthia Nixon, he\u2019s desperate to prove his liberal bona fides. Public safety be damned. The governor is parroting Democrats across the nation who claim ICE should be abolished because it\u2019s breaking apart families and peaceful communities. The facts prove otherwise. Eighty-eight percent of the illegal immigrants arrested in recent Los Angeles ICE raids and 81% arrested throughout California, according to the latest ICE data, had criminal convictions. These are bad guys. So when House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi claims that \u201cunjust and cruel\u201d ICE raids \u201cterrorize innocent immigrant families,\u201d don\u2019t buy it. Mr. Cuomo is making the same bogus claim. Last Thursday, the governor denounced an ICE raid on an Upstate farm looking for Marcial DeLeon-Aguilar, a three-time deportee convicted for felony aggravated assault. Mr. Cuomo complained that Aguilar\u2019s children had to watch their father being pinned by officers to block his escape. What about families victimized by violent illegals? Since January 2016, at least 25 Long Island youths have been executed by the MS-13 gang of Central American illegals. Some of the victims were left so mutilated they could hardly be identified. MS-13 beats the youngsters with baseball bats, puts plastic bags over their heads to suffocate them and then slices off their noses, ears and lips with machetes. No one reads these victims their constitutional rights. ICE\u2019s Operation Matador targets MS-13 gang members. Yet Mr. Cuomo seems angrier at the ICE agents than at the MS-13 butchers. Laughably, Mr. Cuomo issued a \u201ccease and desist\u201d letter to ICE last week, ordering federal agents to touch base with local police before taking enforcement action. Mr. Cuomo doesn\u2019t have a leg on which to stand. Check the Supremacy Clause of the United States Constitution: Uncle Sam doesn\u2019t need Andrew Cuomo\u2019s permission to enforce federal laws. Why the surge in visible, violent sweeps? ICE is forced to conduct sweeps out in residential communities because New York\u2019s sanctuary laws are preventing the agency from taking custody of criminal aliens before they\u2019re released from jail, like the agency used to do. As ICE\u2019s Deputy Director Thomas Homan points out, these sanctuary policies are needlessly exposing New Yorkers to violence. Mr. Cuomo is mimicking California Democrats, who are in open rebellion against federal law enforcement. In February, Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf issued a public alert about a planned ICE raid in her city before it took place, tipping off hundreds of wanted criminals to scatter. Attorney General Sessions said to Ms. Shaaf, \u201cHow dare you needlessly endanger the lives of law enforcement just to promote your radical open borders agenda?\u201d Political pandering is driving this agenda. An amazing 27% of California\u2019s population are immigrants. Immigrants disproportionately favor big government. California hasn\u2019t elected a statewide Republican since 2006. New York is moving in the same direction, with 23% of its population foreign-born and Democrats gaining increasing control of state government. Mr. Cuomo and other Democrats have been resisting the federal crackdown on immigrant-related crime and calling for increased spending on after-school music and sports programs to provide an \u201calternative\u201d to gang activity in immigrant communities. That\u2019s nonsense. Brutes willing to torture and mutilate a human being with a machete will not be dissuaded by learning to play the flute. President Trump calls them \u201canimals\u201d who have turned peaceful neighborhoods \u201cinto bloodstained killing fields.\u201d He\u2019s got the right plan: \u201cWe will find you. We will arrest you. We will jail you. And we will deport you.\u201d Ms. McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research. receive the latest by email: subscribe to the new york sun's free mailing list", "label": 1, "id": 91}
{"text": "The media\u2019s reporting has now become one of the most central issues being covered by the media. Trump\u2019s fitness to serve is simply a piece of fake news that his enemies are using to relentlessly attack him. The issues are not the central matters that concern Trump\u2019s opponents \u2013 they just seem focused on one thing \u2013 bringing President Trump down \u2013 with no red lines as to how to achieve that goal. Let\u2019s hope political discourse takes a step upwards and we can return to discussing the main issues. Some corners of the media seem to have totally lost focus on what their jobs are supposed to be. The State of Israel is very used to this entire idea of fact inventing and fact-bending. Just like Donald Trump has been saying, the New York times has been using headlines such as: \u201cTen die in PLO Fighting\u201d as far back as the 80\u2019s. Instead of reporting that warring Arab factions in Lebanon had killed other Arab factions in Lebanon, the clear implication was that the Israeli Army killed 10 more Arabs. This was noted by US Ambassador to the UN, Jeane Kikpatrick. The key aspect was not whether or not the news was fake or not, but whether or not the implication that the publications were hoping to get across would stick. In the case of the New York Times, it was a clear anti-Israel bias that spread across ABS, NBC, and CBS during their War in Lebanon. The bias against Israel has continued to this day and has been augmented by CNN\u2019s slanted reporting. Fox News is occasionally a breath of fresh air on Israel, but not always;. So, when Donald Trump takes on the biased media with terms like fake news, it is a pleasure to see and watch the pompous anti-right wing media cringe. Indeed, most of the mass media has completely lost it. Add to favorites. To view your favorites click here This video has 2 votes", "label": 1, "id": 53}
{"text": "Opinion editorial Modal Trigger James Comey As soon as FBI Director James Comey announced the revival of the investigation into Hillary Clinton\u2019s private e-mail server, Democrats went on the attack \u2014 against Comey. The lowest is the party\u2019s top smear-meister: Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid. The same Harry Reid who flat-out lied in 2012 in claiming a \u201cconfidential source\u201d told him Mitt Romney had paid no income taxes for a decade. (In fact, Romney paid millions.) The same Harry Reid who still calls that lie \u201cone of the best things I\u2019ve ever done\u201d \u2014 simply because \u201cRomney didn\u2019t win.\u201d Now he\u2019s wildly accusing Comey of suppressing evidence about Donald Trump\u2019s \u201cclose ties and coordination\u201d with Vladimir Putin\u2019s government. And he\u2019s not alone: Democrats and their media allies have unleashed an unbridled attack on Comey, accusing him of violating federal law with his Friday letter to Congress. He\u2019s endangering democracy, they say, and deliberately sabotaging Clinton. What a load of hypocritical hooey. In June, Democrats praised Comey to the skies after he gave Hillary a free pass on her private server. Never mind that, as former Attorney General Michael Mukasey argued, her actions appear to have violated several statutes, and others have been prosecuted for far less. Now that Comey wants to check the e-mails from Anthony Weiner\u2019s devices, he\u2019s become an agent of the \u201cvast right-wing conspiracy\u201d that Clinton says has been hounding her for 25 years. Sorry: After clearing Clinton four months ago, Comey had no choice but to announce the discovery of potential fresh evidence in the case \u2014 evidence that should\u2019ve been handed over long ago. If he\u2019d tried to keep a lid on it, the political impact would be far bigger when the news inevitably leaked. We\u2019re glad to see the White House playing it cool, announcing that President Obama doesn\u2019t believe Comey is trying to influence the election outcome. The fault here is not with the FBI but with the Democrats\u2019 own candidate, Hillary Clinton, who plainly believes the law doesn\u2019t matter if it conflicts with her desire for secrecy. Just as Harry Reid believes the truth doesn\u2019t matter \u2014 as long as the Democrats win.", "label": 1, "id": 59}
{"text": "The 1st Amendment is the most well known to Americans of all the amendments in the Bill of Rights. It contains some of the most familiar phrases in political discussion, such as freedom of religion, freedom of speech and freedom of the press. The 1st Amendment reads like this: \"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.\" The 1st Amendment protects your right to believe and practice whatever religious principles you choose and your right to say what you believe, even if it is unpopular or against the will of elected officials. It also protects your right to publish any information you want, join together with whomever you want and ask the government to correct its own errors. What exactly does the 1st Amendment mean and how does it apply to people today? Does it have relevance to you today? It sure does. In fact, it affects just about everything you do. The 1st Amendment has seven clauses. This page has a brief description of each clause with links to more detailed information about the history and purpose of each section. Seven Sections of the 1st Amendment Opening Phrase The Opening Phrase of the 1st Amendment says \"Congress shall make no law.\" This opening phrase immediately tells exactly who this amendment is aimed at. and that entity is Congress. So the 1st Amendment specifically prohibits Congress from making laws interfering with the rights mentioned in the amendment. It does not however, prohibit the states from making such laws, nor does it prohibit individuals from restricting these rights to those who may be under their authority, such as a parent and child or an employer and an employee. For one hundred years the 1st Amendment was understood to only apply to the federal government, but after the Civil War and the 14th Amendment was added to the Constitution, courts began to forbid the states to interfere with these rights as well due to an idea called \"due process of law.\" Learn more about the Opening Phrase of the 1st Amendment here. Establishment Clause The Establishment Clause is the part of the 1st Amendment that says Congress shall make no law \"respecting an establishment of religion.\" This is a very crucial part of the American Constitution. It prohibits the government from establishing a state religion or denomination and from directing people in what they must believe. Without the Establishment Clause, the government could choose a state religion and force everyone to participate in it. It could also punish anyone who didn't adhere to its chosen faith. Prayer at a football game This clause has been the focus of much debate in the last half century. Some Americans believe that whenever the government is involved, absolutely all religious expression must be forbidden in order to comply with the Establishment Clause. For example, they might say a public school football team should not pray at a football game because the school is a government funded school. Other Americans believe the government must make certain allowances for religious expressions in public events and buildings because Americans are a very religious people. They belive a high school football team prayer or a government employee displaying a cross at work does not violate the Establishment Clause because it is simply a personal expression and not an expression endorsed by the state. Indeed, in the minds of some, banning expressions of religious faith like this is a violation of another clause of the 1st Amendment - the Free Exercise Clause, because it seeks to control the religious expressions of citizens. Learn more about the history and purpose of the Establishment Clause here. Free Exercise Clause The Free Exercise Clause is the part of the 1st Amendment that says Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion or \"the free exercise thereof.\" This phrase deals with the restriction on Congress to regulate anyone's religious practices. US Supreme Court In general, Congress cannot tell people how they can or cannot express their religious beliefs. Such things as telling people when or how to pray, when they should go to church or to whom they should pray, are off limits to lawmakers. In general, this is the case, but sometimes, minority religious groups may want to practice something that is not generally accepted or that the state has a very strong interest in regulating. For example, polygamy, ritual sacrifice and drug usage have been banned at times, because there is a compelling public interest in eliminating these behaviors. In such cases, the Supreme Court has often ruled that the Free Exercise Clause does not apply. In other words, the Free Exercise Clause does not give free license to any behavior that someone says is their religious belief. You can learn all about the Free Exercise Clause here. The Freedom of Speech Clause The Freedom of Speech Clause is the part of the 1st Amendment that says, \"Congress shall make no law. abridging the freedom of speech.\" British history contained a long string of suppression by those in authority of those with whom they disagreed. Many British subjects had been thrown in prison for voicing their religious and political beliefs. The Americans intended to prevent this from ever happening in their newly formed republic. Picket line This is one of the protections in the Constitution that Americans hold most dear. They value it because it allows them to speak out against government policies they don't like. It also allows them to express the religious beliefs of their choosing. Negatively speaking, many people abuse this right by slandering people they disagree with, or using ugly and offensive language, racial epithets or hateful language about people who are different than they are. Generally, freedom of speech is considered to be not only the words people speak, but any type of expression that is used to convey an idea. Such things as picketing, wearing symbols or burning the flag are considered protected forms of speech because they are expressing the ideas of the people participating in them. You can learn more about the Freedom of Speech Clause by clicking here. Freedom of the Press Clause The Freedom of the Press Clause states that \"Congress shall make no law. abridging the freedom. of the press.\" Freedom of the Press Clause This was a very important principle to the Founding Fathers of America because of the importance the press played during the Revolutionary War. Without the press, the Founding Fathers would have found it very difficult to distribute their views to people in other parts of the country. The press turned out to be a very important instigation in getting Americans to consolidate their views against England and in spreading the concepts that would justify a break with England. English history contained no freedoms for the press whatsoever. All publications were subject to governmental review before publication. Criticisms of the government were strictly prosecuted as sedition. All Americans wanted the right to criticize their government freely as well as to discuss other topics whenever they chose. If you would like to learn more about the Freedom of the Press Clause, please click here. Freedom of Assembly Clause Civil Rights Protest The Freedom of Assembly Clause is the part of the First Amendment that reads like this: \"Congress shall make no law. abridging. the right of the people peaceably to assemble.\" This clause is also sometimes referred to as the Freedom of Association Clause. This clause protects the right to assemble in peace to all Americans. The Freedom of Assembly was very important to early Americans because without the right to assemble, they could not coordinate their opposition to the British government. The Freedom of Assembly was recognized to be of utmost importance if the Americans were to be successful in establishing a government of the people. The Freedom of Assembly Clause has been relied upon by many groups in American history, such as civil rights groups, women's suffrage groups and labor unions. Government officials in each case tried to restrict the speech of these groups and prevent them from meeting, organizing and getting their message out. The Freedom of Assembly proved to be an important factor that allowed these groups to prosper and see their visions fulfilled. You can learn more about the history and importance of the Freedom of Assembly Clause here. Freedom of Petition Clause Save The Freedom of Petition Clause of the 1st Amendment reads like this: \"Congress shall make no law. abridging the freedom. of the people. to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.\" The freedom to petition the government was very important to early Americans because of their experience with trying to get King George I and Parliament to respond to their grievances. The colonists were so angry about the Monarchy's refusal to acknowledge their grievances that they mentioned this fact in the Declaration of Independence. The freedom to petition the government for redress of grievances has come to include the right to do such things as picketing, protesting, conducting peaceful sitins or boycotts and addressing government officials through any media available. You can read more about the history and meaning of the Freedom of Petition Clause here. Amendments: Preamble to the Bill of Rights Learn about the 1st Amendment here. Learn about the 2nd Amendment here. Learn about the 3rd Amendment here. Learn about the 4th Amendment here. Learn about the 5th Amendment here. Learn about the 6th Amendment here. Learn about the 7th Amendment here. Learn about the 8th Amendment here. Learn about the 9th Amendment here. Learn about the 10th Amendment here. Learn more about the Bill of Rights with the following articles: Last updated 8/7/12", "label": 0, "id": 341}
{"text": "Credit: HealthNutNews Recently, Erin Elizabeth from HealthNutNews wrote up an expose about the past year\u2019s findings concerning the many disappearances of holistic doctors. In case you\u2019re not aware, the confusing conundrum first began when Dr. Bradstreet was found dead exactly one year ago \u2013 yes, on Father\u2019s Day \u2013 in the U.S. The noted autism doctor, researcher, and parent was found in a river with a gunshot wound to the chest. While authorities at first thought his death was a result of suicide, it has since been confirmed that Dr. Bradstreet was murdered and that the wound was not self-inflicted. His family, like the families of many other missing and dead naturopathic practitioners and MD doctors, believe that he was murdered for using and promoting controversial therapies, such as GCMaF. According to Elizabeth, nearly 50 doctors have now died or gone missing under mysterious circumstances. This riveting finding has resulted in some exposure on the topic \u2013 including articles by the New York Times, The Independent UK, and network affiliates such as ABC, CBS, NBC, FOX, but the whole story \u2013 or the many threads connecting the various murders\u2013 is not being told. For this reason, the activist took to the internet today, on the one-year-anniversary of the first of the mysterious deaths, to express how serious of a concern these events are. Right now in the United States, consumers are being told that they are not enough and that they must purchase more items on credit, eat high-fat, high-sugar foods, take prescription pills they cannot afford, and buy into the fear-mongering propaganda. In effect, America \u2013 perceived to be one of the most \u201cdeveloped\u201d nations in the world \u2013 spends more on \u2018health care\u2019 than any other affluent nation, yet still has the worst state of health as a collective. Many suspect this is because a small elite controls the majority of corporations and mediaand, in effect, the government. Unhealthy ideals are being pushed on the public for the sake of profit. In fact, according to one Berkeley doctor, conventional treatments for concerns such as cancer are less effective than forgoing treatment in the first place. Of course, if the public knew that eating healthier, getting exercise, thinking positive thoughts, simplifying their life, and letting go of toxic people and situations would dramatically transform their health, the world would be a much different place. It seems that health practitioners that promote the idea that every individual can be their own doctor by taking responsibility for their own health rather than waiting for emergency medicine are being targeted, as they are going against a system which is corrupt and toxic. Click KEEP READING to read the full story. Or, at least, that\u2019s what Elizabeth\u2019s findings have concluded. The activist\u2019s attention on this topic may have earned her \u2013 and her colleagues \u2013 death threats, but the efforts have paid off. A documentary is actually being made to shed more light on the mysterious deaths, and more information on that up-and-coming film will soon be shared. Below is a detailed timeline of 34 doctors\u2019 deaths within the last year. We\u2019ll let you be the judge on whether or not the untimely demise of many of these practitioners is fate or suspect. What matters most is that if these doctors were killed because they\u2019re practicing true medicine, the injustice is uncovered and the parties responsible pay for their crimes. 1) June 19th, 2015 Dr. Bradstreet formerly of Florida, and now practicing in Georgia, was found with a gunshot wound to his chest in a river. The small town locals ruled the death almost immediately as a suicide, but many have their doubts. This same day in Mexico, June 19th, 2015, three doctors were traveling to the State Capital to deliver some papers and were reported missing. This is the only case outside of the U.S. Authorities said they found the bodies, but the families say those bodies look nothing like their family members and they are demanding more proof and more testing. A sad but riveting article was written about those details here. I also did an exclusive interview with the Bradstreet family as they publicly said I was the only journalist they trusted to talk about the horrific incident. 2) June 21st, 2015 Father\u2019s Day, Florida East Coast: Two chiropractors are found dead. Their names are Dr. Baron Holt and Dr. Bruce Hendendal, both fathers. Dr. Hedendal also held a PhD in nutrition from Harvard. Both were presumably healthy and described as very fit. There is still no cause of death listed, for either doctor in any articles we find. A few people have contacted me about Dr. Hedendal, 67, but admit that they were surprised by his death and still find it shocking. (Update: Family and loved ones of Dr. Hedendal have spoken to the media that they are suspicious of his death and want answers. Interestingly, Dr. Holt (33), lived in North Carolina which is the state where Dr. Bradstreet\u2019s body (the first doctor to be found) was discovered two days prior. Dr. Holt was visiting Jacksonville, Florida, though, when he died there. Dr. Bradstreet (see story #1) was living in Georgia at the time of his death and before that he lived in the neighboring state of Florida. A few mutual friends of Dr. Holt have contacted me. They are doctors and have shared with me a cause of death that I find rather shocking and cannot confirm, therefore, out of respect for the family, I will not list that here. Both were well loved by their patients, community, friends and family.) 3) June 29th, 2015 The beloved holistic Theresa Sievers, MD was found murdered in her home. Her co-worker says she was known as the \u201cMother Teresa of South Florida.\u201d Her husband and children were in Connecticut at a family reunion when she was murdered. The authorities have been investigating for two weeks \u201caround the clock,\u201d and now say that she was targeted. Her murder was not random nor was it a home invasion and when the facts come out, \u201cbooks and movies will be written about it.\u201d It\u2019s that big of a story. On the very same day, June 29th, Jeffrey Whiteside, MD, a pulmonologist, went missing- vanishing when he simply \u201cwalked away\u201d. Dr. Whiteside, known for his successful treatment of lung cancer, disappeared in Door County, Wisconsin while vacationing with family. He was on foot and numerous reports have called it \u201cmysterious,\u201d saying he vanished without a trace. They\u2019ve been searching now for three weeks and even colleagues have joined in (along with bloodhounds, drones search parties, and helicopters) but not one shred of evidence has surfaced. (UPDATE: Two arrests were made in the death of Teresa Sievers and one of the assailants called himself the \u201cHammer\u201d on Facebook (Dr. Sievers was allegedly killed with a hammer). The other was one of her husband\u2019s childhood friends who was just recently extradited to Florida. His attorney says there is evidence to show he had no involvement whatsoever with the crime. Her husband, Mark Sievers, has not been arrested at this time.) 4) July 3, 2015 Patrick Fitzpatrick, MD goes missing. He was traveling from North Dakota to neighboring Montana (which he did often as his son lives there) and his truck and trailer were found on the side of the road. The search has expanded but authorities say it\u2019s as if he vanished without a trace. He\u2019s 6\u2032 tall and described as Irish-looking with a goatee (details can be found in the links). 5) July 10th, 2015 Lisa Riley, 34 years old, DO (Doctor of Osteopathic medicine) is found in her home with a gunshot wound to her head. Her husband who found her and called 911, has a prior record. He was previously charged with the attempted murder of his ex, Ms. King, before charges were eventually dropped. Evidence showed that there was gun residue found on Ms. King\u2019s hand and not Mr. Riley\u2019s. Riley\u2019s story corroborated this, but King\u2019s allegedly didn\u2019t, and her story kept changing (click link in this paragraph for their story with details on all of this). Mr. Riley has since been charged with the death of his wife, Lisa Riley. We\u2019ll see what happens in court. Prev Next 6) July 19, 2015 A month to the day after the first doctor (Jeff Bradstreet, MD) was found dead with a gunshot wound to his chest, Dr. Ron Schwartz was found murdered in his E. Coast Florida home.Sadly, he was shot to death. We don\u2019t know if he was holistic, but he was licensed and lived between Florida and Georgia. He was a gynecologist who lived in an unincorporated part of Jupiter, Florida on a few acres of land and there are reports he ran an organic lawn service on the side. 7) July 21, 2015 Dr. Nicholas Gonzalez, a holistic MD, dies suddenly. The same day another holistic doctor is also found dead (see below). They both allegedly died of heart attacks, though their own friends and family say publicly it doesn\u2019t add up. I had met Dr Gonzalez and his amazing wife, and my better half has interviewed him several times. His official website says that while they initially thought it was a heart attack, his autopsy does not support that belief and shows no heart attack. They are awaiting further tests. \u201cDr Gonzalez was in excellent health otherwise so his passing is quite unexpected.\u201d It is reported that he was alone at the time of his death. Countless people every week (including close friends) write me questioning the fact that he died \u201cnaturally\u201d. He also said in several interviews (including the last one before he died) that he thought big pharma wanted him to get hit by a bus or that he might die suddenly. Frightening metaphors and a mystery we hope to get to the bottom of soon. 8) July 21st, 2015 Dr Abdul Karim, an outspoken and loved holistic (biological) dentist, 41 years of age, is found dead alongside the road by a passerby. He had been preparing for a half marathon and was allegedly out training that night. His old fraternity brother (lifelong friends), friends of many years, and patients said it didn\u2019t add up. He was in perfect shape and ate an extremely healthy diet. Mainstream news said he had a \u201cmassive heart attack\u201d but many who knew him have written to me with their sincere doubts. 9) July 23, 2015 Authorities announce they have found the body of Dr Jeffrey Whiteside who has been missing for over 3 weeks. Chief Deputy Pat McCarty said at the news conference on Thursday that a .22 caliber gun was recovered at the scene. Investigators believe the body was there for \u201csome time\u201d. 10) August 12, 2015 Osteopath Mary Bovier is found slain to death in her home in Pennsylvania. Her significant other, who we are told is also an osteopath, was questioned and released. At this time there have been no arrests and there are no suspects. 11) August 18, 2015 I report that Jeffrey Whiteside\u2019s death is officially ruled as a suicide but the local press calls the investigation a \u201cmess\u201d (described here in detail). Many are shocked at how long it took for details to emerge and countless people write me with their doubts. Even local authorities were asked by the local press if they\u2019d heard of my stories. They admitted they had, but hadn\u2019t been contacted by the feds on the case. 12) September 7, 2015 I broke the news to the health community of 29 holistic doctors (also referred to in the German press as \u2019 ) who were found poisoned by an overdose of a hallucinogenic drug. I\u2019ve done several updates of the articles, using a German translator, but the whole story of what really happened has still not been revealed. One thing most can agree on; it was a large overdose and mainstream German news reports that some were in \u201clife threatening situations\u201d when dozens of ambulances and a helicopter arrived to the chaotic scene. The good news? All lived and have allegedly made a full recovery (though some had to be restrained for their safety for some time). 13) September 16, 2015 I reported that our colleague, best selling author and holistic MD, Mitch Gaynor, is found dead outside his country home; an hour or so from Manhattan where he practiced. We knew Dr Gaynor and had just finished an advanced copy of his book that he had sent to us. It was quickly called a suicide by the local sheriff. The NY Times wrote me asking for details and we had a nice exchange. Even though I have gently broken the news on this and many other stories, the NY Times fails to source me (I didn\u2019t expect them to source HealthNutNews, though the Guardian UK and other mainstream sources have for some time). UPDATE: Mitch Gaynor, MD had been on RT not long before he died. We wanted to contact them for comment, but soon after Mitch was found dead? the founder of RT was found dead in his Washington DC hotel room. 14) Sunday October 11th We announce that Dr Marie Paas is found dead of an alleged suicide. She was well known for her animal advocacy. People on her Facebook page seemed shocked and in disbelief about her death. Unlike the 3 others by this date who were alleged suicides (one who has been officially confirmed) we don\u2019t know the location where Dr Paas was found, nor the details of her alleged suicide. Many seem concerned for her pets, who they say she loved very much. Prev Next 15) October 29th 2015 Jerome E. Block, M.D, jumped to his death from Central Park West residence. Authorities say Block jumped from the 20th floor of his residence around 9:30 a.m. Details and video can be found here. 16) 2015 dozen plus accidental deaths and freak accidents, mostly holistic doctors ;besides the 13 doctors covered thus far who died in non accidental deaths, we have 5 chiropractor deathsthat were accidents. We also have more deaths of doctors here: some described as freak accidents. Again, we didn\u2019t include them in the official unintended series. We have the famous holistic ABC News doctor, Jamie Zimmerman, who allegedly slipped and fell and hit her head in Hawaii while on vacation, and who was carried out to sea. We also have more accidental deaths of holistic doctors here in NY (accidental), and yet another here of a famous holistic MD! We literally couldn\u2019t keep up at times there were so many. 17) Late December 2015 January 2016 I didn\u2019t include PhD\u2019s in the series (unless they were also an MD, DO or DC) but then just this past few weeks we saw 2 Canadian PhD\u2019 killed. One was stabbed in what his friends called a safe neighborhood. Another, a Phd (who was a wife and mother of two) was hit while jogging near the beach and then buried in a shallow grave on the tourist island of Grenada. Then days later a holistic doctor is also attacked there with his wife (physician\u2019s assistant) on this same tiny island of Grenada (see #18). This is where we suddenly start seeing a spate of cancer researchers killed which hadn\u2019t happened previously and then suddenly we have a one every few days. 18) January 23, 2016 A top MD, John Marshall, 49, who was a former 4th generation Marine, had served in Afghanistan, and had survival training, was found dead in the Spokane river and they pulled his body out that day. He was said to be in great shape and was doing his usual run in Spokane, near the river. Authorities say he somehow must have fallen into the river and drowned and almost immediately said it was death by drowning. (UPDATE: Dr Marshall\u2019s wife (also a doctor and surgeon) has hired her own investigator and is questioning the quick call by Seattle PD. Again, more families are questioning these deaths and what some find absurd rulings by authorities.) 19) January 25th, 2016 Our own friend of ten long years, holistic doctor Rod Floyd, was found dead at his home here in Florida. He just miles from us and I\u2019d been to their home and they\u2019d been to mine. It was definitely not suicide in any way and his wife of 37 years says he was \u201chearty and healthy\u201d and calls it an accident. That\u2019s all I\u2019ll elaborate on right now, as even I don\u2019t know all the details. Dr Floyd did buy a sauna from me (but that wasn\u2019t involved in his death which I was told initially). Besides being a chiropractor, Dr Floyd was also a clinical professor at Palmer Chiropractor College near where we live. He and his wife have also run the Natural Awakenings magazine for some time. Our whole community is shocked and saddened by his death. 20) January 26, 2016 Believe it or not just a few short weeks later, a holistic MD and his wife (a physician\u2019s assistant) were attacked, while on a relaxing beach stroll, by a sword wielding man in the same place- the tiny island of Grenada. The holistic MD survived. Sadly his wife was murdered and raped by the machete wielding attacker. Both perps in each attack of the doctors in Grenada in a couple of weeks are reported to have been recently released from prison and in both crimes (allegedly unrelated) the men just nonchalantly turned themselves in after the crime. Some experts have their theories on this. I won\u2019t elaborate at this time. Grenada locals are shocked and say they\u2019ve never seen anything like this- let alone twice in a row. 21) January 28th, 2016 The new spate of cancer who are killed or found dead doesn\u2019t slow down and this might be the strangest of them all: Yet another cancer researcher, Professor Alan Clarke, 52, was found dead in the wood in hanging from a tree in a rubber body suit on December 28th, 2015 and they ruled it accidental. 22) February 1, 2016 Just a week later, to the day, after losing our local friend and holistic doctor; Rod Floyd we lost another local friend also right here in our same local holistic community. The wonderful young Paige Adams FNP, B-C, also lived just up the road here locally in Florida was found dead at her home. She had worked closely for many years with her good friend and colleague Dr Bradstreet. The problem is Dr Bradstreet started off this whole holistic series when he was found dead in a river. Now we have his close friend (and our friend!) and his colleague of many years found dead. She was so young so this is particularly heartbreaking. Paige Adams had asked to stop by the house to see us days before she died. I feel awful for not taking her up on that, and my heart goes out to her family and patients. She is the only one in this entire series I\u2019ve ever written about who is not a doctor of some sort (DC, MD, DO, and even a PhD at the end) But she was a board certified Nurse Practitioner whose patients rave about her endlessly. She also stated publicly (which you\u2019ll see in the link) that if anything happened to her don\u2019t assume it was an accident. 23) February 14, Valentine\u2019s Day Cancer HIV Researcher in Seattle- Cheryl Deboer is found dead in a culvert with a plastic bag over her head. Investigators quickly state they can\u2019t see any evidence that it\u2019s a homicide, but her mother and other relatives state publicly there is no way she crawled 1.5 miles through brambles and water and mud to put a plastic bag over her head in a culvert. They stated that if she would have wanted to take her life (and listed plenty of reasons why she wouldn\u2019t with a happy family and job at the famous cancer research lab) she could have done it much more easily. The general public tends to agree with the family. Families are now starting to question these ridiculous statements called so quickly by local authorities. Some are hiring their own investigators and doubting local authorities. Many are wondering if the local authorities are to be trusted. Prev Next 24) March 10, 2016 Yet another cancer researcher found dead in a field. He was only 34, and found in a safe quaint area in the countryside and people are astounded. Nearly immediately authorities announce his death is \u2018not suspicious\u2019, but there is a public outcry of how that could be so. We still have zero answers as to his cause of death. 25) March 23, 2016 Wednesday, Triple homicide: Prominent Holistic doctor Henry Han, was found murdered on his 7 acre Santa Barbara estate, along with his wife and daughter, only 5 years of age. All were shot and wrapped in plastic. An arrest is quickly made of a young man who has no priors and lived with his father oceanside in Santa Barbara. His father was EX CIA. We will update as details emerge. 26) April 6, 2015 Dr Harsch, 59, a self described holistic medicine MD was killed while riding his bicycle with a group of friends. He was the only one hit and none of the others were injured whatsoever. See details here.(Editor\u2019s note: We had another holistic doctor earlier in the series also killed on a bicycle ride last year and many of her friends and loved ones contacted me about their concerns and questions on her death). 27) Last seen on February 12, 2016 Dr Rose Polge, 25 apparently walked off her job where she worked at Torbay Hospital in Devon, and was missing for almost two months. She allegedly wrote a letter to the Health Secretary about her feelings on a political situation there with the doctors. Police later recovered her body from the sea more than 50 miles away from where a hoodie (believed to belong to her) was found. There is now an inquest into her death after post-mortem results proved inconclusive. 28) May 6th, 2016 A holistic doctor and well known professor, Dr Rasmussen, 76, in the Boston area, was found dead. She taught classes at a local University and discussed natural health, nutrition and biology, was found stabbed to death in her home. She was stabbed over 30 times and no arrests have been made at this time. Not to be confused with the case of Pennsylvania Osteopath Mary Bovier, also found stabbed to death in her home. No arrests have been made in either murder. 29) March 14th, 2016 One of the strangest cases yet is holistic MD and acupuncturist Dr Clogston, 68, who was missing 3 weeks and eventually found dead in his car which was allegedly found off the route some say he took to work for 30 years. The peculiar part is Dr Clogston went missing on March 14, was reported missing on March 15, but then seen by someone who \u201cknew him well\u201d according to local authorities (they say this on video on the news). So how then- was he found dead weeks later in his car? Many would like to know. This is one of the strangest to me out of around 40 mysterious deaths. 30) May 6, 2016 Dr Suutari, an outspoken holistic doctor in the Los Angeles area, who had a beautiful family and new child, allegedly took his own life on Mother\u2019s day in the garage.Here are what details we know on this sad death. 31) May 19, 2016 Prominent investigator hired by Dr Marshall\u2019s wife (She\u2019s also an MD and a surgeon) and investigator says on CBS news that the \u201caccidental death\u201d of Dr Marshall (that I reported on first in January) is most likely a professionally staged murder by someone in military or police. A must watch\u2026 32) June 13th 2016 An arrest was made in the death of holistic doctor Mary Louise Yoder. The curious part is that Dr. Yoder actually died in or around July 22nd 2015 (last year \u2013 a very busy week for holistic doctor deaths) and authorities almost immediately said she died of natural causes despite being fit, uber healthy and just 60 years old. I did not include her in the series originally since the authorities mistakenly said it was natural. So oftentimes we have authorities making these quick calls only to find out later they were completely false (why the rush officers?) So for months, Yoder\u2019s death was considered \u201cnatural\u201d until reports say a family member demanded an investigation. Now, this June, her employee (who was listed as her daughter on her obituary \u2013 they were so close) was arrested and it\u2019s said she poisoned her. The employee is only 23 years old and had said Yoder meant the world to her. Keep updated on this story as new details may emerge. 33) June 16, 2016 A man stormed into a holistic doctor\u2019s office and gunned the man down and then turned the gun on himself \u2013 taking both their lives. A client walked in and saw them on the ground with a woman who worked there screaming. The very next day \u2013 see #34) another man went into another holistic doctor\u2019s office and killed him. These could be total coincidence, but we report all mysterious /unexplained sudden deaths of holistic doctors so are including them on this recap. 34) June 17, 2016 Another man stormed into a holistic doctor\u2019s office (just a day later) and murdered the alternative MD in cold blood with a knife. The victim was Dr. Tiejun Huang Ph.D./MD R.Ac, RMT, DTCM. Dr Huang was a sports medicine specialist at the Beijing Olympic Games, a professor in sports medicine and rehabilitation and performs acupuncture and Chinese \u201cTuina\u201d massage. You can read all the details here. Dr Huang allegedly knew his assailant (authorities said immediately) but we had a holistic doctor gunned down by a man the day before in his office (see #33) who they say knew his assailant too. 2 holistic doctors in under 2 days murdered in their offices does raise eyebrows. What are your thoughts? Please share this news and comment below! This article ( 50 Holistic Doctors Have Mysteriously Died In The Last Year, But What\u2019s Being Done About It?) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com Prev Next", "label": 1, "id": 159}
{"text": "Roy Moore for Senate In a report titled \u2018Roy Moore\u2019s Facebook page shared inflammatory memes, article praising Russia\u2019s anti-gay laws,\u2019 CNN (Cable News Network), one of most rabid left-wing, anti-conservative channels in the United States, sternly criticized the conservative contents of the Facebook page belonging to Roy Moore, the Republican nominee for US Senate in Alabama. Among Moore\u2019s Facebook posts hated by CNN the most highlighted was the BarbWire article \u201c Conservative Russians Give Moral Lesson to Facebook\u2019s Homosexual Propaganda,\u201d written by me. CNN said, Moore\u2019s Facebook page also shared an article from the religious conservative website BarbWire.com in July 2015 with the headline, \u201cConservative Russians Give Moral Lesson to Facebook\u2019s Homosexual Propaganda.\u201d The article highlighted efforts by some Russians to counter a feature on Facebook that allowed users to overlay a rainbow over their profile picture. Trending: English Professor Assigns Trump-Bashing Books \u201cThe strongest reaction came from conservative Russians who overlaid an image of the colors of their country\u2019s flag \u2014 white, blue and red \u2014 over their profile picture,\u201d the article read, adding that users also \u201ccountered the homosexual #LoveWins hashtag with #pridetobestraight and #pridetoberussian.\u201d The article also described Russia\u2019s efforts to crack down on the LGBT community, including the country\u2019s so-called \u201cgay propaganda law,\u201d as a \u201cstrong stance in defense of traditional family values.\u201d CNN added, Moore shared an article in July 2015 that praised Russia\u2019s anti-gay laws and Russians who opposed Facebook\u2019s feature that allowed users to change their profile pictures to celebrate same-sex marriage: I considered it a privilege to have a my conservative BarbWire article shared by Judge Roy Moore. I considered it an even greater privilege to have my name connected with fine conservative leaders such as James Dobson and Chuck Norris, in the official list of endorsements of Moore. As a conservative evangelical Christian, I am not surprised that CNN attacked Moore just because he shared one of my BarbWire articles. After all, what expect from the Communist News Network? Portuguese version of this article: CNN ataca Roy Moore s\u00f3 porque ele compartilhou meu artigo no portal conservador BarbWire The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not necessarily represent the views of Barb Wire. The Secret Plan To Destroy Trump's Administration", "label": 1, "id": 36}
{"text": "Opinion Modal Trigger Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrives to speak on Sept. 12, 2012, on the killing of US Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens and three staff members at the US Consulate building in Benghazi, Libya, from the Treaty Room of the State Department. Hillary Clinton boasts that her experience traveling to 112 countries as secretary of state qualifies her to be president. Don\u2019t believe it. Evidence shows she left the State Department in shambles and our nation weaker. Her record at Foggy Bottom disqualifies her to be president. Her failures go beyond leaving four Americans to die in Benghazi on Sept. 11, 2012, the ridiculous Russian \u201creset\u201d and the carnage in Syria that she and President Obama idly watched unfold \u2014 and that gets more horrific daily. A string of investigative reports from the Obama administration shows that she botched key management jobs as secretary of state, threatening American lives and our diplomatic secrets. Clinton\u2019s State Department repeatedly rebuffed requests for additional security for the vulnerable compound at Benghazi, Libya. The result? Heavily armed terrorists were able to storm the compound and kill Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans. But Benghazi wasn\u2019t an isolated case. Clinton failed to secure diplomatic posts in Pakistan, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, and other global hot spots. Internal State Department reports show the posts lacked emergency plans in case of attack. Guards assigned to them had no training in chemical or biological threats and, amazingly, some hadn\u2019t undergone background checks. Clinton tried to weasel out of taking the blame for Benghazi, testifying to Congress that she wasn\u2019t personally involved in embassy security. But emails later revealed that was false. Investigators also point to Clinton\u2019s total neglect of cybersecurity. The Bush administration \u2014 reeling from the attack on the World Trade Center \u2014 had made it a top priority to protect information flow among embassies, the CIA and the FBI. But Clinton dropped the ball, creating what the department\u2019s inspector general called \u201cundue risk in the management of information.\u201d In November 2013, the IG issued an alert to the State Department\u2019s top executives about the urgent \u201crecurring weaknesses\u201d in cybersecurity that had been red-flagged in six previous reports between 2011 and 2013, almost all on Clinton\u2019s watch. The \u201crecurring weaknesses\u201d had still not been addressed, including vulnerabilities to hackers. One of those previous reports \u2014 from July 2013 (shortly after Clinton\u2019s departure) \u2014 described how much of the cybersecurity work was actually being done by contractors rather than department staff, contrary to government policy. John Bentel, in charge of State\u2019s cybersecurity during Clinton\u2019s tenure, is one of the five State Department staffers who demanded immunity before talking to FBI investigators about Clinton\u2019s private-server scheme. He apparently took his duties regarding Clinton\u2019s secret server more seriously than his duties to safeguard national cybersecurity. According to an IG report, Bentel \u201cinstructed his subordinates not to discuss the secretary\u2019s email.\u201d Rudy Giuliani said on Saturday Clinton\u2019s use of a private email service for official business was like taking \u201call our top-secret material and throwing it out on Fifth Avenue.\u201d Outrageous, but still a lesser offense than Clinton\u2019s neglect of the entire department\u2019s digital security \u2014 exposing communications between thousands of agents and diplomats across the globe. Even after WikiLeaks released 250,0 confidential State Department documents in 2010, Clinton didn\u2019t plug the obvious holes in State\u2019s cyber setup. Yet during Monday\u2019s debate, Clinton had the nerve to claim that she takes threats to the nation\u2019s cybersecurity very seriously. That\u2019s a laugh. Hillary\u2019s management of finances at State was also slipshod, according to inspector general reports that point to a whopping $6 billion unaccounted for during her tenure. Clinton\u2019s chaotic mismanagement created \u201cconditions conducive to fraud,\u201d the IG warned, and made it harder \u201cto punish and deter criminal behavior.\u201d She must have felt right at home. True to Clinton\u2019s instinct to cover up problems rather than fix them, she thwarted several investigations of sexual misconduct and prostitution at State. Investigators complained of \u201can appearance of undue influence and favoritism.\u201d So what are the odds Hillary would run the federal government with integrity, keep the nation safe and get taxpayers more for their money? Zero. Betsy McCaughey is a senior fellow at the London Center for Policy Research.", "label": 1, "id": 109}
{"text": "Photo By Justin Images In response to Joyce Newman\u2019s recent letter about a conversation about guns: According to the National Right to Life Organization, approximately 600,0 babies are murdered every year by Planned Parenthood with more than 52 million murdered since Roe v. Wade. This makes Planned Parenthood the biggest mass murderer in the history of the world. Is she willing to have a serious conversation about that? Where is her outrage over that? More people die every year from overdoses or auto accidents then from guns. More people die every year from obesity then from guns. Where is her outrage over those issues? The left\u2019s obsession with gun \u201ccontrol\u201d is just that, control. It has always been about Democrats wanting to control every aspect of your life. They support Planned Parenthood but go ballistic when a gun is used to kill someone. It\u2019s the old game of \u201cdon\u2019t pay any attention to what\u2019s going on over there, but look what\u2019s happening here.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 2}
{"text": "Donald Trump There is apparently nothing wrong with America that can\u2019t be blamed on Donald Trump. He is single-handedly destroying the Republican Party, trashing presidential debates and spoiling the reputation of locker-room talk. And \u2014 breaking news alert! \u2014 Trump is even changing journalism. His habit of saying things that nobody ever said before is forcing reporters to unleash their partisan views instead of just giving the facts. Some of these charges may be true, but the one about Trump changing journalism is demonstrably false. All the more so because it comes from the editor of the New York Times, who happens to be the actual guilty party. Dean Baquet, the Gray Lady\u2019s boss for two years, recently claimed that Trump\u2019s campaign had forced the paper into a new way of covering politics. \u201cI think that he\u2019s challenged our language,\u201d Baquet told an interviewer. \u201cHe will have changed journalism, he really will have.\u201d The claim is presented as one of those chin-stroking insights about a new paradigm that liberals spot around every corner. In fact, it is just another example of the Times getting it all wrong. Trump didn\u2019t change the Times \u2014 Baquet did. He\u2019s the one who authorized reporters to abandon the paper\u2019s standards when covering Trump and express their personal political opinions. Or, as Baquet said in the interview with Nieman Lab\u2019s Ken Doctor, the struggle for fairness is over. \u201cI think that Trump has ended that struggle,\u201d Baquet boasted. \u201cI think we now say stuff. We fact-check him. We write it more powerfully that it\u2019s false.\u201d Fact-checking, of course, is often in the eye of the beholder, and quickly morphs into opinion when there is no restraint or neutral standard. The result is the paper\u2019s relentless, daily assault on Trump, to the advantage of Hillary Clinton. Opinions, all uniformly anti-Trump, now ooze from the paper\u2019s every pore, with headlines on front-page \u201cnews\u201d articles indistinguishable from daily denunciations on the editorial and op-ed pages. This is not a mere continuation of the old liberal bias that infected the Times, the Washington Post and the broadcast networks for years. This is a malignant strain of conformity that strips away any pretense of fairness in favor of strident partisanship. The signal that the Times abandoned its traditional church-state separation of news and opinion came in an article by the paper\u2019s media reporter two months ago. In his August piece, Jim Rutenberg declared that most reporters saw Trump \u201cas an abnormal and potentially dangerous candidate,\u201d and concluded they had a duty to be \u201ctrue to the facts, in a way that will stand up to history\u2019s judgment.\u201d Baquet, in the interview, cited the Rutenberg piece, saying it \u201cnailed\u201d his thinking. He also said he started \u201cdown this track\u201d years ago, during the dispute over weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, and made it clear he believed then-President George W. Bush and then-Secretary of State Colin Powell lied to take America to war. The Trump treatment, he said, was a logical extension: \u201cI think he gave us courage, if you will. I think he made us \u2014 forced us, because he does it so often, to get comfortable with saying something is false.\u201d This is not a mere continuation of the old liberal bias that infected the Times, the Washington Post and the broadcast networks for years. This is a malignant strain of conformity that strips away any pretense of fairness in favor of strident partisanship. Baquet offered another example that got him to this point. He accused Republicans of lying in their \u201cswift-boat\u201d charges against Democratic nominee John Kerry in the 2004 campaign. It is not incidental that his examples all involve allegedly dishonest Republicans, and none involves dishonest Democrats. Nothing better explains why the Times fails to give Clinton the same scrutiny it gives Trump. More than 60 percent of voters regard her as fundamentally dishonest, but Baquet sees only Republicans as liars. Simply put, his political bias precludes fair journalism. And once standards are gone, they are gone forever, meaning anyone wanting to work at the Times will face a political litmus test. Baquet\u2019s defense of slanted coverage is reflected in the trove of emails WikiLeaks released from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta. Times reporters and columnists repeatedly show up in partisan ways. Washington correspondent John Harwood sends Podesta his private approval of Hillary Clinton appearances, as if he\u2019s on the team. Columnist Nicholas Kristof, in advance of an interview with Bill Clinton, emails his questions, which Podesta\u2019s team passes around to staffers to shape Clinton\u2019s answers. A Washington reporter gives Hillary Clinton veto power over quotations he can use from an interview. Another reporter is praised as someone who has \u201cnever disappointed\u201d in delivering stories the campaign wants \u201cteed up\u201d for public consumption. As the editor, Baquet should be outraged that his staff secretly compromised the paper\u2019s integrity. But as the editor who eliminated the Times\u2019 standards, he\u2019s getting the biased paper he wanted. Questions for de Blasio Mayor Bill de Blasio won\u2019t take questions from The Post these days, so here are questions all City Hall reporters should insist he answer. No. 1: Has the mayor or his lawyer been informed that de Blasio is a target of federal and state investigations? No. 2: Has the mayor been ordered to testify before a grand jury? Has he voluntarily offered to do so? No. 3: Did the mayor ask teachers union president Michael Mulgrew for the $350,0 contribution the union gave to de Blasio\u2019s political slush fund, the Campaign for One New York, a month before the union got a $9 billion contract? No. 4: Did de Blasio or his wife, Chirlane McCray, personally receive any money, gifts or other things of significant value from the consultants paid millions of dollars by the Campaign for One New York? No. 5: Who is paying the legal fees of de Blasio and City Hall aides? How much, if any, taxpayer money has been spent representing them? The public has a right to know what the mayor knows about the investigations, including the possibility he will face criminal charges. The reporters in Room 9, the legendary home of the City Hall press corps, should ask these questions every day until they get answers. Hill corruption is e-asy to see Reading the emails hacked from John Podesta\u2019s account, I felt squeamish. But two facts settled my stomach. First, the emails reveal the greed and backstabbing among the Clinton clan. There is no honor among those thieves. Second, the claim that the messages are forged or a Russian plot illustrate how the family fudges facts it can\u2019t deny. That means the emails offer the unvarnished truth, making them unique in Clinton land. Dem\u2019s truth on voter fraud Alan Schulkin will never eat lunch in New York again. The Manhattan Democratic representative on the city\u2019s Board of Elections was caught telling an inconvenient truth, saying, \u201cI think there is a lot of voter fraud.\u201d Schulkin was being secretly taped by an undercover journalist, so maybe his party will forgive him for saying what everybody knows to be true. Otherwise, he\u2019s going to be a very hungry man.", "label": 1, "id": 106}
{"text": "John Legend has added his voice against those speaking out against disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, who has been accused of sexual harassment, assault and rape by multiple women in Hollywood. He was recently fired from the Weinstein Company but has reportedly vowed to continue making movies. TMZ spoke with Legend and asked for his thoughts on the matter. He said: \u201cI think he did some despicable things and he is rightfully being shamed for it. He shouldn\u2019t be working in Hollywood if he\u2019s abusing his position that way. I think it\u2019s good we\u2019re bringing light to this issue and hopefully more women will be able to tell their stories. Men need to listen and change their behavior.\u201c", "label": 0, "id": 485}
{"text": "UPDATE May 22, 2018: The Little Rock Police Department has recovered human remains in Chalamont Park, the last place Ebby Steppach was seen. May 25, 2017: Crime Watch Daily joins in the hunt for a missing Arkansas teenager whose parents fear she may have been kidnapped and forced into the dark world of sex-trafficking. Ebby Steppach, 18, was planning to go to the Little Rock Police Department to report an alleged sexual assault. But before she could make talk to cops -- she vanished. She's a young woman who has become famous in Little Rock, Arkansas for all the wrong reasons. \"Everyone knows Ebby,\" said KARK-TV reporter Mitch McCoy. \"Ebby is the 'Little Rock Girl.' You can say the name Ebby Steppach and most people will know who you're talking about.\" She went to a house party to kick off the weekend. But that was the end of the good times for 18-year-old Ebby. \"Ebby went to a party on a Friday night and had been assaulted, and there was a videotape,\" said Ebby's mother Laurie Jernigan. And it's the beginning of a nightmare for her and her family. \"She got extremely upset about it and was threatening to go to the police about it. And then two days later she disappears? Yes.\" And now only Crime Watch Daily tracks down a key witness who sheds light on the frightening possibilities. Laurie Jernigan says her daughter Ebby is a joy to have around. But Ebby has an independent streak too. \"When she started pushing the boundaries, it was 'I have a car of my own, I should be able to come home when I want,'\" said Laurie. When Ebby got that first car, a whole new world opened up, and she's taking the ride all the way. \"She didn't realize the danger,\" said Laurie. One night Ebby heads to a party in Little Rock. \"She did have bad influences on her life, some that I didn't know,\" said Laurie. The next morning Ebby sends a frightening text message to her friend Gage Fulton. Gage read the text out loud on a phone call to private investigator Monty Vickers, who recorded the conversation. \"I was hanging with some dudes last night and we smoked and I had sex with one of them and he [----]ing recorded me dude, like when I wasn't looking.\" Videotaped during a sexual encounter -- Ebby doesn't tell Gage who did it. But he tells Vickers that she is horrified and confused. Vickers: \"Did she tell you that she was raped?\" Fulton: \"She said she felt forced into it. Her last text message to me is 'I am going to go kill myself.'\" But Ebby doesn't kill herself. She is enraged, and plans to do something about it. That same night, she again sends a text, this time to her stepfather Michael Jernigan while he is at dinner with the family. \"An incident had occurred at that party that she wanted to discuss, and discuss with the police,\" said Michael Jernigan. \"There had been an encounter with a particular individual at that party that he had videotaped.\" Michael leaves a message with Ebby that he's heading to her grandparents' house where she is staying. But he gets no response. \"I called over to her grandparents to ask if she was over there. They stated that she left, said that she was going to meet me,\" said Michael. But Michael says there hadn't been an arrangement to meet anywhere. And it is the last contact he ever has with his stepdaughter. But suddenly the family hears from Ebby the next day when she answers a phone call from her brother Trevor. Like everyone else he has been trying desperately to reach her. \"She answered and he said 'Where are you?' And she said 'I'm out in front of your house,'\" said Laurie Jernigan. \"So he hung up and says cool and he goes out there and she's not there. So he calls her back. She answers and she says she's messed up and he said 'Where are you?' And she said 'I'm in my car,' and he said 'Where is your car?' And she said 'I don't know,' and hung up. And that's the last time anyone's talked to her.\" And now the family is truly alarmed and terrified for the fate of their Ebby. \"He called the police immediately, and he said 'You've got to look for her car. I know something is wrong. Something's happened,'\" said Laurie. \"They listed her as a runaway and they weren't going to look for her.\" No possibility that she just decided to leave town on her own for whatever reason? \"She would move out and hang out, which was really unusual, but she would never run away and not talk to her family,\" said Laurie. And Ebby's family is searching for her everywhere. Until days after her disappearance, they suddenly get news that leaves them thunderstruck once more. Ebby's abandoned car is reported at a nearby city park by security guard Guy Hooper. A surveillance image shows her car on the road shortly after she went missing. But police are not saying exactly where or if anyone was in the car with her. \"I called Little Rock and notified them that the car had been sitting there for three days, and they had gotten the car and taken it in,\" said Guy Hooper. \"It was devastating. I can't describe to you how bad that was that night. Finding her car and not her, you might as well tell me she was dead. It was unimaginable,\" said Laurie. And what police find in her car only deepens the family's fear that something terrible has happened to Ebby. \"What 18-year-old leaves her cellphone or their clothes? Her makeup? She spent all of her money on makeup. Her contact lenses, she can't see without contacts,\" said Laurie. But Laurie says she still cannot convince police that Ebby is a victim of foul play and not a runaway. \"No matter how hard I tried I could not get detectives to do anything about it,\" said Laurie. Not only that, Ebby's family says they still don't know if some of the people who were with her at that party have even been questioned by police. Stepdad Michael Jernigan says Ebby gave him some names in that last text conversation, but he will not reveal them for fear of jeopardizing the ongoing investigation. \"I know two of the individuals,\" said Michael. Do the police know who they are? \"Yes.\" Ebby Steppach, 18, has been missing for weeks after disappearing on Oct. 25, 2015. And the alarming possibility that she has been sex-trafficked haunts everyone who knows this case. How does the sex-trafficking work? \"They pick up this girl, lock her up in a room, feed her with heroin, keep her doped up,\" said private investigator Monty Vickers. \"They charge guys to have sex with her, to the point where she is just a zombie slave.\" The best-case scenario is Ebby is still alive, but being sex-trafficked. \"That's the worst-case scenario to me,\" said Ebby's mother Laurie. \"If she's not with us anymore, she's in peace.\" The search for any sign of her goes on, with no results. Ebby's family hires private investigator and former Little Rock Police detective Monty Vickers. He says he tries to help the department work better with the family. \"The last thing that we need to do is to run out here and start our own investigation and interfere with the police investigation in some way, so we basically did nothing other than try to communicate with the police department and stay in communication with the family,\" said Vickers. But he still does a lot of digging himself. About five months after Ebby goes missing, he visits security guard Guy Hooper, the man who reported Ebby's abandoned car at a city park. We tracked down Guy Hooper ourselves, and he gave us the shocking details about seeing Ebby with two young black men in the park only days before she disappeared. \"It was late evening, I advised them all, everybody to leave the park, which they did,\" said Hooper. \"Then a few days later I run into her again with another young black gentleman. This time they were in the back seat of the car. And the third time she was back with another couple gentlemen.\" He's sure it was Ebby? \"Yes sir,\" said Hooper. \"After I saw the pictures of her later on, of course -- I didn't have a name at the time.\" And Hooper says he notices one guy in particular, who he says is there all three times. \"They were hugging, kissing back and forth,\" said Hooper. Does he remember what these guys looked like, especially the one she was close to? \"He was about five-foot-six, five-seven, had long dreads,\" said And his eyewitness account is about to go ballistic when we show him what we've brought along with us. There was a bust involving sex-trafficking that took place in Louisiana but the individuals that were arrested many of them have connection to Little Rock. We showed Hooper their mug shots to see if he recognized any of them. \"It's this middle one on the top and the gentleman on the left,\" said Hooper. Which individual was the one kissing and hugging Ebby? \"This gentleman right here, the guy with the dreads,\" said Hooper. How positive is Hooper? \"About 70 percent. I'm pretty sure this was the gentleman that was directly with her,\" said Hooper. It is a stunning development that could have a major impact on the search for Ebby. The man with the dreadlocks is Keith Pruiett, 21, of Little Rock. Police in Arkansas have not connected him with Ebby's disappearance. But Pruiett was recently charged with human-trafficking and promoting prostitution near Shreveport, Louisiana. Also charged in that case in Louisiana is 23-year-old Gary Jackson of Little Rock. Gus Hooper also pointed out Jackson as the second man he believes he saw in the park with Ebby. Both men are currently in jail in Louisiana awaiting trial, and we have been not been able to contact them or anyone representing them. Little Rock Police have not named either man, or any suspects, in Ebby Steppach's disappearance. We don't know if the Little Rock Police Department has ever seen the potential bombshell evidence that Crime Watch Daily has brought to the table. So Crime Watch Daily went right over to the station and hand it to them personally. We couldn't get the lieutenant or a detective on camera, but we ran into Public Information Officer Steve Moore out front. \"I'm trying to find him and I'm going to call the assigned detective and give him this also,\" Moore said. Police say they are actively pursuing the information we provided them. \"I think there's a lot more to the story,\" said KARK-TV's Mitch McCoy. McCoy from has been on the story since Ebby first went missing. \"I think that there are a lot of unknowns with this case that sooner or later will come out. The question is when,\" said McCoy. McCoy interviewed retired detective Tommy Hudson, who recently worked on the case. Today Hudson says the investigation is back on track. He won't discuss sex-trafficking, but he does lean toward foul play. \"My opinion is is somebody has her and somebody's done something to her,\" McCoy tells Crime Watch Daily. And Ebby's family says that they are now satisfied that police are doing everything possible to find their daughter. \"I have full confidence in who has her case now,\" said Ebby's mother Laurie Jernigan. \"I can actually sleep at night knowing that there are those looking for her. Thank God we have someone now, we have people now that understand that and check on that as soon as they can.\" Ebby Steppach stands 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighs about 110 pounds. She also may have dyed her blond hair black after her disappearance. Crime Watch Daily investigates sex-trafficking epidemic in U.S.", "label": 0, "id": 258}
{"text": "Workers have started putting up stand for President Trump's inauguration outside the White House Donald Trump\u2019s first week The Republican billionaire made a victory speech in New York yesterday, just after Hillary Clinton conceded defeat to him by phone. Mr Trump promised to put America first, saying: \u201cI will be President for all Americans and this is so important for me.\u201d He later tweeted: \u201cThe forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never before.\u201d The real estate developer is due to meet outgoing President Barack Obama at the White House today to discuss the transfer of power. Despite their differences, Mr Obama said: \"We are now all rooting for his success in leading and uniting the country.\" Mr Trump, who has never governed before, is also starting putting together a top team to run his administration. Hillary Clinton gave an emotional speech yesterday, saying: \"This is painful and will be for a long time.\" Donald Trump\u2019s first months Over the next two months, Mr Trump will get ready to take power before he enters the White House on January 20. His victory will be confirmed though an Electoral College vote and he will official announced as the next President on January 6. Mr Trump will also work to repair relations with the Republican Party, which has retaken control of the Senate and House of Representatives. House speaker Paul Ryan said: \u201cWe are eager to work hand-in-hand with the new administration to advance an agenda to improve the lives of the American people.\" One of his first battles with Congress is likely to be over his controversial plans to build a vast wall along the border with Mexico. How the US election process works Donald Trump\u2019s first 100 days Once in the White House, Mr Trump will immediately set about undoing as much of Mr Obama\u2019s legacy as possible. He has proposed bringing Congress back for a special session to repeal Obamacare - the outgoing President\u2019s landmark health reforms. In his first 24 hours as President, Mr Trump has pledged to suspend immigration from \u201cterror-prone\u201d regions of the world. He also says he will begin removing more than two million illegal immigrants from America and introduce \u201cextreme vetting\u201d. Wed, November 9, 2016 After Donald Trump won the US election he made this statement \u201cWe will get along with all the nations that get along with us.\" we look at how Europe reacted to the shock victory of Trump After Donald Trump won the US election he made this statement \u201cWe will get along with all the nations that get along with us.\" we look at how Europe reacted to Trump's triumph Other immediate actions include tax cuts, appoint a new Justice to the Supreme Court and axing funding for UN climate change projects. He will also announce the US\u2019s withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and start reviewing all of America\u2019s trade deals. The new President has vowed to rip up trade deals that do not serve America's interests. He has attacked the US free trade deal with Mexico and Canada. Mr Trump will also start to develop relationships with world leaders and looks set to have good relations with Russian President Vladimir Putin.", "label": 0, "id": 422}
{"text": "PHOTO: Instagram Don't freak out the next time you see President Barack Obama sans wedding ring\u2014he and Michelle are still #goals. In fact, the reason why Obama often goes ringless has us loving the First Couple\u2014who recently celebrated their 24th wedding anniversary on October 3\u2014all the more. Prepare to melt. It appears that President Obama keeps his left-hand naked because he wants to keep his most precious valuable safe, and doesn't want to risk anything happening to his wedding band. A video recently surfaced on the Washington Post of President Obama discreetly slipping off his wedding ring and placing it in his pocket as he approached a small crowd to shake hands\u2014seemingly indicating that he wants to keep it close and out of any potential harm's way. (Like snatchers or who-knows-what-else. People be crazy.) Even with all of the Secret Service agents surrounding him, Obama still takes the utmost precautions with his beloved wedding ring. How's that for a sweet husband? However, if Obama were to lose his wedding ring\u2014say it slips out of his pocket\u2014he could always call the Ring Finders.", "label": 0, "id": 404}
{"text": "At Price Hill Chili Restaurant in Hamilton County, Ohio, Tuesday morning, they served up hot coffee, scrambled eggs and a side of politics. CBS News correspondent Michelle Miller asked voters there whether the FBI\u2019s decision to re-open Hillary Clinton\u2019s email investigation is changing any minds. \u201cI am standing by Hillary,\u201d one said. \u201cI am really rooting for Trump this year,\u201d said another. Watch the video above for more reaction from swing state voters.", "label": 0, "id": 313}
{"text": "Ia bertujuan meningkatkan tentangannya terhadap pengiktirafan Baitulmaqdis sebagai ibu negara Israel oleh Donald Trump. ISTANBUL: Presiden Turki, Recep Tayyip Erdogan menyatakan kesediaan Turki membuka kedutaannya di Baitumaqdis Timur dalam usaha meningkatkan tentangan terhadap pengiktirafan kota itu sebagai ibu negara Israel oleh Presiden Donald Trump. Erdogan sebelum ini mengetuai kecaman umat Islam terhadap langkah AS itu dengan mengadakan sidang kemuncak bersama pemimpin Pertubuhan Kerjasama Islam (OIC) minggu lalu di Istanbul, yang menggesa dunia mengiktiraf Baitulmaqdis sebagai ibu negara Palestin. Baitulmaqdis Timur dikuasai Israel selepas dirampas dalam perang 1967, tindakan yang tidak pernah diiktiraf oleh masyarakat antarabangsa. \u201cKerana ia diduduki, kita tidak boleh ke sana dan membuka kedutaan,\u201d kata Erdogan dalam ucapan kepada partinya di kota Karaman. \u201cTetapi, Insya Allah hari tersebut hampir tiba dan \u2026 kita akan secara rasminya membuka kedutaan kita di sana,\u201d katanya tanpa memberikan tarikh yang tepat. Turki kini mempunyai konsulat umum di Baitulmadis. Ankara turut mempunyai hubungan diplomatik penuh dengan Israel, dan seperti negara lain, kedutaannya berada di Tel Aviv. Erdogan yang membantah keputusan Trump termasuk memindahkan kedutaan Amerika Syarikat (AS) ke Baitulmaqdis berkata ia sejajar \u201clogik dan pemahaman zionis dan evangelis.\u201d Beliau berkata orang Yahudi tidak mempunyai hak untuk \u201cmerampas\u201d Baitulmaqdis yang merupakan \u201cibu negara umat Islam\u201d. \u201cSila berhenti di mana anda berada dan jangan cuba melakukan operasi zionis,\u201d katanya. \u201cJika anda cuba, anda harus membayarnya dengan harga yang mahal.\u201d Erdogan memuji hasil sidang OIC pada 13 Disember lalu yang katanya menunjukkan \u201cdunia memilih untuk bersatu\u201d. Bagaimanapun sekutu AS iaitu Arab Saudi dan Emiriyah Arab Bersatu hanya menghantar pegawai rendah, bukan pegawainya menghadiri sidang tersebut. Erdogan memberi amaran kepada umat Islam dalam ucapannya agar menentang \u201cperang saudara\u201d di mana pertempuran antara satu sama lain \u201chanya membantu negara pengganas seperti Israel\u201d. Israel bertindak balas dengan kenyataan Erdogan beberapa hari kemudian. Perdana Menteri Israel Benjamin Netanyahu berkata beliau \u201ctidak terkesan\u201d dengan kenyataan tersebut. Ketika dihubungi AFP, jurucakap kementerian luar Israel enggan memberi komen mengenai kenyataan terkini Erdogan. Bantahan berlaku hampir setiap hari di Turki terhadap langkah Trump. Di kebanyakan bandar di tenggara Diyarbakir, Kurdish, beribu-ribu orang mengibar bendera Palestin dan melaungkan slogan seperti \u201cpembunuhan beramai-ramai tidak akan berhenti jika semua umat Islam tidak bersatu.\u201d Dalam ucapan berasingan, Perdana Menteri Binali Yildirim berkata \u201cmulai sekarang kita mengisytiharkan Timur Baitulmuqaddis yang diduduki sebagai ibu negara Palestin\u201d, sambil menambah Turki ingin melihat penyelesaian untuk Baitulmaqdis yang akan memuaskan hati kedua-dua belah pihak dalam konflik itu. Jurucakap Erdogan, Ibrahim Kalin \u2013 penasihat dasar luar negeri utama presiden \u2013 menulis dalam akhbar bahawa langkah Trump mewakili \u201ccampuran bertoksin populisme dan unilateralisme\u201d. Menerusi Daily Sabah pula, beliau menulis salah satu akibat positif ialah isu rakyat Palestin sekali lagi menjadi pusat perdebatan global. \u201cMomentum baharu ini harus digunakan untuk mencari keamanan yang adil dan berkekalan,\u201d kata Kalin. Tahun lepas, Turki dan Israel mengakhiri perselisihan yang dicetuskan Israel pada 2010 yang menyebabkan 10 aktivis Turki mati selain ketegangan diplomatik. Kedua-dua pihak sejak itu meningkatkan kerjasama, terutamanya melalui pelan saluran paip gas yang diketuai menantu Erdogan dan Menteri Tenaga, Berat Albayrak. Tetapi Erdogan yang menganggap dirinya sebagai \u201cWira Palestin\u201d membuat serangan lisan terhadap dasar Israel. OIC akan mengadakan mesyuarat tergempar di Turki pada 13 Disember ini bagi menyelaraskan respons terhadap keputusan Washington. Trump mungkin sedang mewujudkan satu platform untuk meminta konsesi daripada Israel nanti.", "label": 0, "id": 402}
{"text": "Image via South Park is one of television's longest-running shows, a 20-seasons-and-counting award-winning cultural behemoth that has spawned movies, imitations, and countless time-wasting memes. But could the show be, at least in part, responsible for one of the scariest political movements of the present moment? Lindsey Weedston thinks so. Weedston, a 29-year-old writer from Bothell, Washington, penned an article for The Establishment recently which argued that the show helped lead to the rise of the alt-right. The piece, \" How 'South Park' Helped Empower the Alt-Right,\" grabbed my attention enough that I decided to call her up and see why exactly she thought Kyle, Cartman, and crew led us to Richard Spencer, 4Chan, and Charlottesville. Our conversation, edited lightly for length and clarity, is below. To start off, how does South Park treat what some people might think of as \"PC culture\"? I read a post that explained this really well\u2014South Park\u2019s highest moral goal is to not care. It treats PC culture as [if] the opposite of PC culture is not to care about anything. So caring about an issue is basically stupid, and pretty much every episode goes back to: it doesn\u2019t matter, being PC is uncool, and not giving a fuck about anything is the way you should feel. In your article you trace a history of that attitude, starting with the misinterpretation of a character in an Oliver Stone movie. Can you take me through that? That was interesting. So [the 1987 movie] Wall Street, I didn\u2019t know before I researched for the article that Oliver Stone actually meant it the opposite of how so many people took it. Wall Street was supposed to be an indictment of Wall Street and the type of person that thinks greed is good. It was very interesting to find that so many people actually went with the mantra \"greed is good,\" and it seems like that has shaped a lot of our culture. Now we have prosperity Christianity\u2014actually telling people that God wants them to collect as much wealth as possible. It\u2019s not just Wall Street. For a long time, our capitalist society has led up to this idea that the ultimate goal is to collect as much wealth as possible. That movie accelerated the idea of collecting all the wealth and power you can. And then you talk about shock jock\u2019s of the \u201980s and \u201990s, the Howard Sterns of the world. What does that have to do with the South Park-popularized attitude of caring being uncool? The original title of this article I pitched was actually \"The History of Celebrated Assholes.\" My first draft of the piece, I ended up researching early forms of shock and asshole comedy. I found out the person considered the first shock jock was actually a black man, Petey Greene. Howard Stern was influenced by him. It\u2019s really interesting to learn the kind of things he talked about. He was appealing because he was very down to Earth, and he spoke to the black community in a very straightforward way that no white disk jockey had ever before. When Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated, he went on air and started speaking to the community, and is credited with calming the situation down. You can go on YouTube and find some of the shows and listen to the way he speaks. It\u2019s very colloquial. He just acts like a normal person. I think white people at the time looked at that as being shocking, and that\u2019s why he was labeled as a shock jock. He was really active in the community. He promoted education and feeding the hungry. He wasn\u2019t an asshole, but history is very interesting. In my original draft, I wrote about how he influenced Howard Stern. Howard Stern was actually invited onto his show. Stern went on in black face and used the n word, and Greene thought it was funny. Greene died fairly young, so then you move onto Howard Stern\u2019s career. Howard Stern, I\u2019m sure, has done some good stuff in his life. But he is very much associated with the shock jock label, and a lot of what he does is just to rile people up. I think it\u2019s interesting how you have that transition from somebody who was just being real and communicating to his people in a way that made sense to him; and then you have Howard Stern, who makes a lot of money\u2014and in fact an entire career\u2014from pissing people off. How do you get to the alt-right from that? How does South Park's overall attitude connect to the alt-right? I believe that South Park's anti-PC messages paved the way for white supremacist groups to recruit much of the largely white male fanbase into what is now referred to as the alt-right, or other groups that are identical in all but name. Matt and Trey promoted this idea that you should be able to say or animate anything you want in the name of satire and humor, and any harm that it caused either didn't exist or didn't matter. When they experienced backlash for their intensifying mockery of already-vulnerable groups and their attitude of, \"Repeating horrible things said by bigots up to and including Nazis is funny because it upsets people,\" they reacted by depicting their critics as free-speech-oppressing caricatures like the \" PC bro.\" They promoted the idea that marginalized people\u2014trans people, people of color, Jewish people, etc.\u2014speaking out against harm caused by South Park's brand of \"humor\" and [the show's] \"I do what I want\" attitude are the real oppressors. White supremacist groups and their better-at-PR counterpart the \"alt-right\" use this message constantly to recruit young white men and boys. They tell these kids that they're the ones being oppressed by those telling them that they have privilege, and therefore need to make some effort to at least not use certain words and maybe examine prejudiced attitudes they might have picked up from a culture that is prejudiced in many ways. The alt-right promotes the idea of white male victimization, drawing in youth that has been told by South Park that the plight of marginalized groups doesn't matter and that \"political correctness\" is oppressing them. Once those groups have their loyalty, they can then indoctrinate these young guys into straight up white supremacist ideas under the guise that \"the PC police don't want you to think about this.\" I don't think Matt and Trey meant to create an army for the alt-right, but they seem to be leaning into it rather than admitting that they might have messed up. Cartman plays a big part in your article. He\u2019s often not the hero in the storylines of the individual episodes, but he is a fan favorite. Can you break down why that\u2019s a problem? Cartman is a perfect representation of satire gone wrong. Just like with Wall Street, the people who view your content take the literal meaning of something instead of taking it as the indictment that it is. It\u2019s pretty clear, especially in the earlier episodes, that you\u2019re not supposed to like Cartman. You aren\u2019t supposed to identify with him. You\u2019re supposed to hate him, or at least understand he is the opposite of the ideal of a human being. That is supposed to be represented in his bigotry, his ignorance, and his appearance as well, with him being fat. And yet he is a fan favorite, and people do identify with him. I think it was Matt Stone who said he identifies with Cartman more than any of the other characters. I think their original intention was to say, okay, don\u2019t be like Cartman. But instead, you have the opposite reaction of people idealizing his attitude and his selfishness and his desire to make people suffer and his bigotry. He has become a representation of how the fans feel that you should be. Can you talk about \" South Park Republicans\"\u2014South Park being adopted by right wingers? That plays into what I think is the logical conclusion of the anti-PC movement. Like I said in the article, there has been a rebellion against this idea of being PC. Political correctness has evolved into a derogatory term meaning, you are being sensitive to someone. It has become this big boogeyman. There is an idea that there is this social justice warrior, PC police entity who will come and yell at you and punish you if you say what you are actually thinking. So there has been a rebellion against this strawman. It has come down to, if you care about anyone at all, if you want to be sensitive to anyone\u2019s needs, then you\u2019re this politically correct nerd or you\u2019re a nun with a ruler or an authority figure telling people what to do. You are therefore uncool and the enemy. It\u2019s very reactionary. But it\u2019s so popular and so widespread on the right now, and you actually have people coming out with articles and people in the White House using that rhetoric to help further their political careers. So it\u2019s really not surprising to me that there articles out there saying South Park is right on actual political issues. What has followed South Park\u2019s wake? The first example that comes to mind is a lot of the cultural treatment of trans people. South Park has had some really transphobic content. Even before the Caitlyn Jenner episode, there was the whole treatment of Mr. Garrison and his sex change. I remember the episode where they included footage of an actual gender affirmation surgery, just saying, \"look how gross this is.\" They had a caption like, \"This is footage of the actual surgery,\" as though it\u2019s supposed to be horrible and sad because it\u2019s gross. But any surgery looks gross and disgusting. Their definite goal was to be like, this is gross and this is wrong. You see a huge amount of transphobia from a lot of alt-right groups. You have these bathroom bills that are trying to keep trans people out of public restrooms, which is basically keeping them out of public life. It\u2019s trying to keep them from having access to any kind of normal life. The sudden emergence of the bathroom bills surprised me, but maybe it shouldn\u2019t have. It seemed to come out of nowhere, but then you look at the timing and it does kind of follow Caitlyn Jenner\u2019s coming out to the public as a woman. That in itself probably would have gotten some backlash, but then you look at how popular South Park is, and there\u2019s no way it didn\u2019t play a role in people reacting the way they did: reacting like, oh that\u2019s just so gross\u2014their existence is gross and wrong. You end your essay with a call for what you call radical kindness. What does that mean? Radical kindness comes from being around young people, specifically in communities that are more social justice-oriented. In my community, I\u2019m seeing a shift towards memes being positive and used to uplift people. I think people are just tired of beating on each other and attacking each other, and the younger generations especially are starting to rebel against that. I feel like a lot of what my generation, millennials, has put out there has been negative. We\u2019re kind of a depressed generation, so I think younger people are reacting to that and deciding, let\u2019s be nice to each other. In a society where being mean to each other is the norm, kindness is punk. That\u2019s rebelling. That\u2019s what\u2019s cool.", "label": 1, "id": 183}
{"text": "Luis Ruiz is a fifth-degree black belt in karate and a martial arts instructor. His stepson, Antonio Pina, happens to be a third-degree black belt. Perhaps it was that the two men knew they could handle themselves that they fearlessly engaged with an attacker. One night, they were walking to their home in Brooklyn, NY. Ruiz heard a piercing scream. When they looked around, they noticed a woman being brutally beaten by a man. \u201cWe notice that he\u2019s grabbing her and slamming her on the ground,\u201d Ruiz told CBS. The father told his son to call for help. Ruiz quickly approached the criminal. \u201cSo I say \u2018hey, is everything OK, are you guys OK?\u2019 The guy gets up like nothing, turns to his right and walks away like he wasn\u2019t doing anything wrong,\u201d he said. Ruiz then comforted the woman, whose face, he says, was swollen beyond recognition and bloodied. The father and son were able to identify the attacker as Todd Deas. Police say he had 19 prior arrests, including rape and sexual abuse, and had recently been released on parole. Had they not been there, who knows what would have happened. \u201cHero is a big word. I\u2019d rather think we just did the right thing, and that everyone in the neighborhood and in the world would do the right thing,\u201d Ruiz said. Please SHARE if you think what Ruiz and his son did was very brave! Due to restrictions, this video cannot be viewed in your region.", "label": 0, "id": 419}
{"text": "US President Barack Obama and President-elect Donald Trump meet in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, DC. President-elect Donald Trump and future First Lady Melania Trump are meeting with President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama at the White House and are expected to discuss efforts toward a smooth transition of power. President elect Donald Trump , with his wife Melania Trump, and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, gives the thumbs up after a meeting in the Majority Leaders office in the US Capitol in Washington, DC. Earlier in the day President elect Trump met with US President Barack Obama and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan.", "label": 0, "id": 283}
{"text": "CreditCreditWin Images You can see where this is headed, the once bright and shiny democracy going down the drain before the holidays are out. The Russians, the special counsel Robert S. Mueller I and his agents, desperate men flipped and singing to save their souls \u2014 all may soon be gone, by President Trump\u2019s design. If there\u2019s any outrage left in the tank, use it now, because Trump has signaled exactly what he\u2019s going to do. First, he had to set some brush fires, impugning the legitimacy of the rule of law \u2014 an old dictator\u2019s trick. Trump is no Hitler, but when the German Reichstag burned in 1933, it was all the Nazis needed to gut civil liberties. So, before Trump can fire the prosecutor who is hot on the corruption trail of those in the president\u2019s inner circle, he needs a pretext. He could just work his way down the line at the Justice Department, until he found a quisling willing to remove the special counsel. But before he gets to that, he has to delegitimize the whole investigation. Thus, he\u2019s now attacking the F.B.I., saying the agency is in \u201cTatters\u201d and its standing \u201cthe worst in History.\u201d Bashing cops \u2014 wasn\u2019t that what those Black Lives Matter people did to disrespect Blue Lives? Thank God we have Sarah Huckabee Sanders as a moral clarion in a crisis. \u201cWhen you\u2019re attacking F.B.I. agents because you\u2019re under criminal investigation, you\u2019re losing,\u201d she tweeted. Sorry \u2014 that was Sarah Huckabee Sanders of a year ago, before she was paid to defend the liar in chief. Trump\u2019s lawyer, John Dowd, has been busy clearing out more brush, making the preposterous claim that the president cannot obstruct justice because he\u2019s the nation\u2019s chief law enforcement officer. If Trump shot somebody on Fifth Avenue \u2014 his own suggested redline \u2014 he could, as the nation\u2019s chief law enforcement officer, tell the cops to quash the investigation. See, when the president does it, it\u2019s not a crime. This defense was floated during the two impeachment episodes of the 20th century. The third time will not be a charm. But Trump\u2019s team already has gone from there is no collusion or obstruction to, so what? If it happened, it\u2019s no biggie. They don\u2019t appear to be the least bit troubled by a stunning report from a whistle-blower. As Trump was pledging to put America first during his Inaugural Address, his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, was texting a former business associate serving foreign clients. With Trump in, the sanctions against Russia would be \u201cripped up,\u201d clearing the way for big money to be made on the inside, according to the report made public Wednesday. Ignoring that story, Trump\u2019s media wing is doing its job. Sean Hannity, at state-run television, went on a vein-popping rant Tuesday against law enforcement, complete with conspiracy charts. He called the federal authorities \u201ca team of so-called investigators.\u201d As for their boss, he said that \u201cMueller is frankly a disgrace to the American justice system and has put the country on the brink of becoming a banana republic.\u201d He\u2019s certainly learned the art of projection from his master. The Wall Street Journal, channeling its owner and Trump whisperer Rupert Murdoch, has been making much of the same case, albeit without the spittle. Don\u2019t forget, this is the same Robert Mueller who won wide bipartisan praise when he was appointed special counsel: a career prosecutor, the longest-serving director of the F.B.I. since J. Edgar Hoover, awarded the Bronze Star for his service as a Marine in Vietnam. Republicans love him. Or they did until he started closing in on Trump\u2019s closest associates. Mueller should be fired, the Russian enablers now claim, because one of his agents said some bad things about Trump. This agent, Peter Strzok, was reassigned over the summer, as soon as his comments came to light. Wow, a G-man has opinions. The cops I know, a couple of longstanding friends, have more opinions than I. The facts are what matter. And the facts are pointing in a very bad direction for the gang that can\u2019t collude straight. Trump has got to be sweating it; he was said to be \u201cseething\u201d when two of his campaign aides were indicted and a third pleaded guilty in October. He looked punch-drunk at recent public events. Now that he\u2019s a felon from a guilty plea last week, Flynn is cooperating with Mueller. He knows plenty. Trump could pardon him and try to bring him back into the fold. The outrage would be minimal among the Banana Republicans. Sure, they got their tax-relief-for-the-rich bill passed, so they may no longer need Trump after he signs it. But now they\u2019re dreaming of more \u2014 cutting Medicare and health care for children, so they have a reason to keep him around. If Trump fires Mueller, he can start the new year clean. His base will stick with him. Though voters believe, by a nearly 2-1 margin, that Russians interfered with the United States election, Republicans do not. Party before country \u2014 in the face of a dangerous turn toward authoritarianism, that\u2019s all that matters.", "label": 1, "id": 87}
{"text": "Following the latest FBI developments in Hillary Clinton\u2019s email probe, Donald Trump ripped the Justice Department and top Clinton aide Huma Abedin on Saturday, firing off a tirade during his triumphant swing through western states. \u201cIt\u2019s reported today, this morning that the Department of Justice was fighting the FBI,\u201d Trump said in Golden, Colorado. \u201cAnd that\u2019s because the Department of Justice is trying so hard to protect Hillary.\u201d Trump was referencing reports that Attorney General Loretta Lynch recommended that FBI Director James Comey not publicly disclose the new emails -- what the Justice Department viewed as a violation of its long-standing practice not to comment on ongoing investigations. \u201cThere are those, and I happen to be one of them, who think Hillary offered Loretta Lynch a reappointment as attorney general. I happen to be one of them,\u201d Trump said. Offering no proof, the Republican nominee posited that Clinton\u2019s husband, former President Bill Clinton, had bribed Lynch with the position when the two had an impromptu meeting earlier this summer on a plane in Arizona. The two met just days before the FBI completed its probe into the private email server. \u201cPerhaps, just perhaps, of course he said he only talked about golf and the grandchildren, but he was on the plane for 39 minutes, he went to Arizona, an unbelievable place, but there are those who think when he went onto the plane that\u2019s what he discussed just prior to a decision being made,\u201d Trump said. The New York real estate mogul then trained his biting attacks on Abedin and her husband, former Democratic Congressman Anthony Weiner. The emails tied to the Clinton probe were found on the separated couple\u2019s electronic devices from a separate FBI investigation into Weiner\u2019s sexting scandal. \u201cDid I call him correctly, did anybody see?\u201d Trump asked, pointing to his prior criticisms of Weiner. \u201cIt\u2019s called good judgement, it\u2019s called good instincts. If you check out the tweets, or if you check out whatever it is I wrote about him, it is so perfect, I said. And that was done a long time ago, but they found, by looking at Anthony Weiner, a major, major, major sleaze, they found what may be some of the 33,0 missing and deleted emails.\u201d Trump has, in the past, wondered whether Abedin was a national security concern because of her relationship to Weiner. \u201c[Abedin\u2019s] receiving very, very important information and giving it to Hillary. Who else is she giving it to?\u201d Trump said back in August. \u201cHer husband has serious problems and on top of that, he now works for a public relations firm.So how can she be married to this guy who\u2019s got these major problems? She\u2019s getting her most important information, it could be, in the world. Who knows what he\u2019s going to do with it? Forget about her.\u201d Trump\u2019s speculation on what the newly surfaced emails contained, however, remains unfounded. The FBI has yet to release any further details about the information found in the emails. Clinton\u2019s campaign, in the meantime, has defended Abedin, with campaign chair John Podesta telling reporters on a conference call that the staff stands behind her. \u201cThere\u2019s no evidence of wrongdoing, no charge of wrongdoing, no indication that this was even about Hillary,\u201d Podesta said Saturday. He added that Comey\u2019s letter to top Republicans in the House and Senate was \u201clong on innuendo and short on facts.\u201d Podesta added that Comey knew \u201cfull well what Republicans in Congress would do with it\u201d and blasted House Oversight Committee Chair Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, in particular for taking \u201cthe opportunity to distort the facts.\u201d CBS News\u2019 Hannah Fraser-Chanpong contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 351}
{"text": "Donald Trump has, finally, all but united the Republican Party \u2013 in denunciation of his continued, race-based attacks on U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who is presiding over the civil lawsuits against the candidate\u2019s Trump University. \u201cI disavow these comments. I regret those comments that [Trump] made,\u201d said House Speaker Paul Ryan during a press conference Tuesday. \u201cClaiming a person can\u2019t do their job because of their race is sort of like the textbook definition of a racist comment \u2026 it\u2019s absolutely unacceptable.\u201d And Sen. Mark Kirk, a Republican from Illinois facing a tough reelection battle this year, flat out withdrew his support for his party\u2019s nominee, saying \u201cDonald Trump\u2019s belief that an American-born judge of Mexican descent is incapable of fairly presiding over his case is not only dead wrong, it is un-American.\u201d Last week, Trump charged that his plan to build a wall between the U.S.-Mexican border was \u201can absolute conflict\u201d of interest, charging to the Wall Street Journal that Curiel could not preside fairly over the Trump University case because he is \u201cof Mexican heritage.\u201d (Curiel was born in Indiana to Mexican immigrants.) Speaking again to CNN\u2019s Jake Tapper last Friday, Trump maintained his position: \u201cHe\u2019s a Mexican. We\u2019re building a wall between here and Mexico.\u201d When Tapper asked if, by saying that Curiel could not due his job because of his race, \u201cis that not the definition of racism?\u201d Trump responded, \u201cNo, I don\u2019t think so at all.\u201d Amid the fierce backlash from his own party, Trump put together a damage-control statement late Tuesday promising not to say anything more about Curiel or the lawsuit \u2013 after this: \u201cIt is unfortunate that my comments have been misconstrued as a categorical attack against people of Mexican heritage. I am friends with and employ thousands of people of Mexican and Hispanic descent. \u2026 While this lawsuit should have been dismissed, it is now scheduled for trial in November. I do not intend to comment on this matter any further.\u201d Just one day earlier, Trump encouraged supporters on a private conference call on Monday to join his chorus by publicly questioning the judge\u2019s credibility, two participants on the call told Bloomberg Politics. Several Republican politicians, including former Massachusetts senator Scott Brown, were involved in the call, during which Trump overturned a Sunday email from his staff that ordered his most prominent supporters \u2013 those surrogates who speak for him on cable news talk shows and at campaign appearances \u2013 to cease all talk of the lawsuit and Curiel. \u201cTake that order and throw it the hell out,\u201d Trump said on the call, according to Bloomberg Politics. Is Hillary Clinton Intimidated by Donald Trump? Numerous other prominent Republicans have joined Ryan in disavowing Trump\u2019s sentiments, including South Carolina\u2019s junior senator Tim Scott \u2013 the Senate\u2019s only black Republican \u2013 who told CNN the commentary is \u201cracially toxic.\u201d Added Arnold Schwarzenegger on Twitter, \u201cJudge Curiel is an American hero who stood up to the Mexican cartels. I was proud to appoint him when I was Gov.\u201d Freshly-minted presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton also issued a warning on Monday that Trump may next focus his attacks on \u201cwomen judges \u2026 or maybe a judge with a disability, or perhaps one who was a former POW, or African-American.\u201d \u201cHe\u2019s trying to demean and defame a federal judge who was a very accomplished federal prosecutor,\u201d she continued on MSNBC. \u201cThis is dangerous nonsense that undermines the rule of law, that makes him appear to be someone who has no respect for fellow Americans,\u201d Clinton said. \u201cAnd I think it is yet more evidence why this man is dangerous and divisive and disqualified from being president.\u201d", "label": 1, "id": 75}
{"text": "Internet censorship is hurting conservative websites like DC Clothesline. If you enjoy our articles please consider making a small donation today. Thank YOU! ******************************************************************************** Peace through violence? A self-proclaimed Alt-Left \u201cleader\u201d has vowed to use a baseball bat embedded with nails to \u201ccrush skulls\u201d during a \u201cPatriot Prayer\u201d peace rally set to take place in San Francisco this weekend. The Twitter user, who goes by the handle @ibPrinceJordan, tweeted, \u201cThe Patriot Prayer rally is a nazi white supremacist event. I\u2019ll be their to crush some nazi skulls.\u201d He repeated the threat in a series of other tweets that have now been deleted. \u201cCan\u2019t wait! Going to bring this nailed bat for some nazi pounding,\u201d read one. The user is located in San Francisco, which is where the event will take place at Crissy Field on Saturday, suggesting he does indeed plan to attend the march. His Twitter bio reads, \u201cAlt-Left resistance leader. iraq war survivor. cute communist &amp; catholic.\u201d Many Americans In The Dark About These BIG \"Federal Rent Checks\" Despite numerous other prominent Twitter users drawing attention to the violent threat, the account has not been suspended. What makes the threat even more absurd is that organizers of the Patriot Prayer rally have specifically said its aim is to \u201cpromote peace, love and unity,\u201d and that racists are not welcome. The leader of the \u201cPatriot Prayer\u201d rally, Joey Gibson, has vehemently denounced neo-nazis, yelling \u201cF*** white supremacists!\u201d at a recent rally. Even the SPLC, which routinely tars conservatives with a broad brush, does not consider Patriot Prayer to be a hate group, reports Fox News. To the alt-left, that doesn\u2019t matter. Anyone to the right of Michael Moore is fair game for violent assault. Remember, in the aftermath of Charlottesville, the mainstream media relentlessly attacked Trump for saying both sides were responsible for violence, tacitly endorsing the violent alt-left. CNN even changed a headline at the request of Antifa to disguise the fact that the group routinely engages in violence. Given that the mainstream media has emboldened unhinged thugs by exalting them as \u201canti-fascists,\u201d any violence that occurs at the \u201cPatriot Prayer\u201d rally will be their responsibility. Facebook: .j.watson.71 ********************* Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.", "label": 0, "id": 187}
{"text": "Sen. Richard Durbin discusses President Trump's immigration comments following the City of Chicago's 32nd Annual Interfaith Breakfast commemorating the life of Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. on Jan. 12, 2018. (Jose M. Osorio / Chicago Tribune) What did you say when President Donald Trump referred to Haiti, El Salvador and some African nations as \u201cshithole countries\u201d? What did you say when the president of the United States followed that comment by suggesting he\u2019d rather see more immigrants from countries like Norway? No compatible source was found for this media. Whether now or in the future, you will be asked this question: What did you say? Did you call out the obvious racism behind those statements? Did you acknowledge that the leader of the free world \u2014 by title, anyway \u2014 had shown himself to be a white supremacist, casually expressing his dislike of brown-skinned immigrants and preference for white European immigrants? Were you outraged that such comments from a sitting president were antithetical to the ideals that have always made America a beacon of hope and opportunity? What did you say? Did you speak out? Did you denounce the comments, as Rep. Mia Love, a Utah Republican whose parents came to America from Haiti, did, saying in a statement: \u201cThis behavior is unacceptable from the leader of our nation. \u2026 The President must apologize to both the American people and the nations he so wantonly maligned.\u201d Or did you keep quiet? Take note, because you will be asked. Trump\u2019s has been a presidency filled with jaw-dropping moments of offensive behavior, but this one will stand out over time, both for its profane nature and its naked racism. So what did you say? Did you look for excuses? Did you toss out a \u201cWell, what about \u2026\u201d scenario you thought might take the heat off? Did you scream something about \u201cidentity politics\u201d and try to pretend that this is the fault of others, not the fault of the transparently racist old man in the White House? Did you say he has a point? Did you say, \u201cWell, those countries are shitholes, aren\u2019t they?\u201d Did you forget how people once described immigrants from Italy and Ireland? Did you forget the words on a plaque at the Statue of Liberty? \u201cGive me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!\u201d Did you forget those words, or just ignore them? Did you smile about a tax break and say nothing? Did you not put the pieces together and consider all the other times Trump has shown us exactly who he is? Did you tamp down memories of his calls for the execution of the Central Park Five, even after the young men, four black and one Latino, were found innocent? Did you explain away what Trump was implying in this tweet from 2013: \u201cAccording to Bill O'Reilly, 80% of all the shootings in New York City are blacks-if you add Hispanics, that figure goes to 98%. 1% white.\u201d Did you disregard his years-long birther crusade against the nation\u2019s first black president? His description of Mexican immigrants as rapists and criminals? His regular criticism that immigrants coming from predominately nonwhite nations are examples of those countries\u2019 \u201cworst people\u201d? Did you not let yourself see the pattern? Did you twist logic into knots and blame it on the media? On political correctness? What did you say when our president called other countries \u201cshitholes\u201d and you had to shield your children\u2019s ears from profanity on the nightly news? What did you tell your children about this moment? How did you explain the president\u2019s words? Tell me, what did you say? Mark it down, let it be known. Because you will be asked this again someday. And if you stayed silent, if you made excuses, if you tried to fool yourself into believing this is appropriate presidential behavior, if you let it slide because this presidency might somehow line your pocketbook, then you will be remembered as complicit, as one who stood by and let America\u2019s decency get dragged through the mud. And if you laughed, or if you smiled, or if you nodded your head in agreement, you will be remembered just as Trump will: as a racist, a fool and an absolute embarrassment. rhuppke@chicagotribune.com RELATED President Trump owes the country an apology \u00bb What happened when I followed Trump's example and started lying all the time \u00bb Trump attacks protections for immigrants from 'shithole' countries in Oval Office meeting \u00bb", "label": 1, "id": 310}
{"text": "\"Day One\" is a multi-part series in which CBS News' Margaret Brennan speaks with former U.S. government officials on the major foreign policy issues the next president will inherit on the first day of their presidency. The next president will face countless challenges on day one. Among the biggest is the ongoing civil war in Syria. Margaret Brennan spoke with Leon Panetta -- a former CIA director, defense secretary, and White House chief of staff -- about the road ahead for U.S. involvement in the war-torn nation. LEON PANETTA: Inaction is not an option in Syria because if you stand back, the situation is gonna get worse. Look, the best-case scenario would be to have Assad step down, to have a transitional government be able to establish itself representing each of the factions that are there -- the Sunnis, the Kurds, the Shias. And then, frankly, have the Russians and whatever is left of the Syrian forces join with the United States in going after ISIS to truly defeat them. That would be the best-case scenario. MARGARET BRENNAN: What are the odds of that? PANETTA: Not very good. Not very good. BRENNAN: What's the worst-case scenario? PANETTA: The worst-case scenario is that Assad continues to remain in power, continues to kill Syrians. That refugees continue to flow out of Syria, that the Russians continue to have a presence there and continue to attack our moderate forces that we're trying to train in Syria. And that ISIS then uses that and creates an even bigger base from which to conduct attacks against this country. That's the worst-case scenario. BRENNAN: Sounds like you're describing what's happening now. PANETTA: It is what's happening now. And it's what can continue to happen in the future if we don't deal with it. BRENNAN: There are around 300 special operators in Syria right now. Will the next president have to commit more American boots on the ground? PANETTA: I think the likelihood is that the next president is gonna have to consider adding additional special forces on the ground to try to assist those moderate forces that are taking on ISIS, and that are taking on Assad's forces. And we have to increase our air strikes. We've got to do all of those things in order to put increasing pressure on ISIS but also on Assad. We can't surrender one objective for the other. We've gotta continue to press on both fronts. BRENNAN: Is it possible to defeat ISIS without challenging Assad? PANETTA: I think it's very difficult as we've seen to conduct effective operations against ISIS when we're dealing with Assad's forces pressing us in different places. And when we're dealing with the Russians who go in and literally bomb the very forces that we're training to go after Assad and to go after ISIS. We cannot have that situation continue in the future. Protect our forces there. BRENNAN: So the U.S. has to confront Russia? PANETTA: We are hoping upon hope that the Russians will do the right thing. They're not gonna do the right thing without pressure. They're not gonna do the right thing without giving our diplomats greater leverage than what they have now to deal with the Russians. To do that we have got to make very clear that we have objectives to achieve, that we intend to press to achieve those objectives, and that we will not allow them to divert us from the goals of defending ourselves. Here's where the candidates stand: Hillary Clinton wants to increase airstrikes against ISIS. She said she would arm the moderate rebels, and pressure Russia to get out of Syria. We should add that Panetta is advising the Clinton campaign. Donald Trump has announced he'd declare war on ISIS, and he wouldn't rule out more U.S. troops on the ground -- although he offered few details.", "label": 0, "id": 320}
{"text": "The world Is watching and so is oil as the death toll rises in the streets of Iran, where the people revolt against a terrible economy and the lack of any real freedoms and rights. At least 19 people were reported killed in street protests in Iran, while President Hassan Rouhani on one hand defended their right to protest but on the other hand warned he would show \u201cno tolerance\u201d for those who incite unrest. Many arrests have been made and the government of Iran says it may seek the death penalty, for what they say are crimes against God, in demonstrations that have gone on for over 5 days in a row. President Trump tweeted that \u201dIran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration. The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years. They are hungry for food &amp; for freedom. Along with human rights, the wealth of Iran is being looted. TIME FOR CHANGE!\u201d The uprising in IRAN is just another risk factor in a global oil market that is tightening. Strong global demand and shale oil production that is falling far short of what the Energy Information keeps telling us it is. Reports from the Texas Railroad Commission is telling us that Texas shale oil production has been stagnant and not rising as the production decline rate year over year is taking its toll. Total oil stocks are down a whopping 135M barrels just since April even as U.S. oil production is supposedly at a record high. Bad data is becoming a bigger risk as underinvestment has led to the least amount of oil discoveries in 70 years and the global oil replenishment rate ratio fell to 11 percent this year, down from more than 50 percent in 2012 according to a new report. That is a dangerous situation, especially because of the over estimates of shale oil output. ETF reports that this has led to the lowest ever volumes of oil discoveries in 2017, Rystad Energy said last week. While the low-level of discoveries is not an immediate threat to global oil supply, it could become a threat ten years down the road, according to Rystad Energy. In ten years\u2019 time, U.S. shale production may peak, at least according to OPEC that sees shale peaking after 2025, although the cartel has conceded that U.S. tight oil has defied previous forecasts and has increased production more than initially expected and will continue to do so in the short-term. This year has seen less than 7 billion barrels of oil equivalent discovered globally, a volume as low as last seen in the 1940s, Rystad Energy has estimated. What worries analysts the most is the fact that this year the reserve replacement ratio\u2013the amount of discovered resources relative to the amount of production\u2013was a mere 11 percent, compared to 50 percent in 2012, Sonia Mlad\u00e1 Passos, Senior Analyst at Rystad Energy, said. The other ongoing risk is Venezuela. An explosion over the weekend that hit Venezuela\u2019s largest refinery was an accident waiting to happen. Deferred maintenance and bad management as the Venezuelan government stole money and failed to do even the most basic maintenance for the facility according to sources. Reuters reported that a former oil minister excoriated Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro in a newspaper column on Sunday, accusing the leftist leader of behaving like biblical King Herod and plunging the oil-rich nation into economic devastation. Rafael Ramirez, who was the all-powerful head of the oil ministry and state energy company PDVSA for a decade, has long been a rival of Maduro. In recent months, Ramirez has grown increasingly critical of Maduro\u2019s handling of a fourth straight year of recession that has triggered malnutrition, widespread food and medicine shortages, the world\u2019s steepest inflation, and a surge in emigration. A furious Maduro ordered Ramirez to resign as the nation\u2019s United Nations ambassador in New York last month after an article entitled the \u201cThe Storm\u201d was perceived as an attack on his government. We haven\u2019t even got to the cold. Wicked winter weather is causing a surge in oil and natural gas and coal demand. Demand for coal burns hit three-year high causing to temporarily put it above natural gas as the top s U.S. power sources. There are reports that they were shortages of natural gas in Northern Alberta county under state of emergency due to natural gas disruption. The report said that large parts of northern Alberta was under a state of emergency over the weekend due to low natural gas pressure and system outages. The Energy Report has kept our bullish outlook and we still believe that the double bottom at $26 a barrel was a generational low. Despite all the bearish hype that the market had last year and bad info this year oil looks poised for a big move. Make sure you are hedged! I am hearing from many folks still that were underhedged last year and are now paying the price. Thanks, Phil Flynn Questions? Ask Phil Flynn today at 312-264-4364 A Subsidiary of Price Holdings, Inc. \u2013 an Employee Owned Diversified Financial Services Firm. Member NIBA, NFA Past results are not necessarily indicative of future results. Investing in futures can involve substantial risk of loss &amp; is not suitable for everyone. Trading foreign exchange also involves a high degree of risk. The leverage created by trading on margin can work against you as well as for you, and losses can exceed your entire investment. Before opening an account and trading, you should seek advice from your advisors as appropriate to ensure that you understand the risks and can withstand the losses. The information and data in this report were obtained from sources considered reliable. Their accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed and the giving of the same is not to be deemed as an offer or solicitation on our part with respect to the sale or purchase of any securities or futures. The Price Futures Group, its officers, directors, employees, and brokers may in the normal course of business have positions, which may or may not agree with the opinions expressed in this report. Any decision to purchase or sell as a result of the opinions expressed in this report will be the full responsibility of the person authorizing such transaction. Reproduction distribution of any portion of this report are strictly prohibited without the written permission of the author. Trading in futures contracts, options on futures contracts, and forward contracts is not suitable for all investors and involves substantial risks. \u00a92017 Tune into the Fox Business Network (FBN) is the best in business! Make it your New Year TV Home! The MoneyShow Orlando is coming in February. Get out of the cold! Go to the Money Show! Sign up for my class talking about a historic bottom in oil and what it means for your future. Time Is running out Go to Flynn.OrlandoMoneyShow.com.", "label": 1, "id": 19}
{"text": "Anonymous have denied claims that they hacked the neo-Nazi website The Daily Stormer, after a post appeared claiming that the hacktivist group was \u201cnow in control\u201d of the site. A post titled \u2018END OF HATE: ANONYMOUS NOW IN CONTROL OF DAILY STORMER\u2019 appeared on the far-right site earlier this morning, suggesting that Anonymous were going to bring an end to The Daily Stormer following the events of the Charlottesville \u201cUnite The Right\u201d rally, which saw white nationalists converge to protest plans to remove a Confederate statue. The rally led to multiple conflicts between the nationalists and counter-protesters, ultimately leading to the death of civil rights activist Heather Heyer, who was one of many hit by a vehicle driven by white supremacist James Alex Fields. Many outlets reported that Anonymous had infiltrated The Daily Stormer website in response to the events of Charlottesville, with the post on the site reading: \u201cWE HAVE TAKEN THIS SITE IN THE NAME OF HEATHER HEYER A VICTIM OF WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORISM. FOR TOO LONG THE DAILY STORMER AND ANDREW ANGLIN HAVE SPEWED THEIR PUTRID HATE ON THIS SITE. THAT WILL NOT BE HAPPENING ANYMORE\u201d. However, Anonymous have stated that they believe the post was made by The Daily Stormer in a \u201cstunt\u201d designed to \u201cwoo their clueless base.\u201d The clarifications were made by @YourAnonNews, the largest Anonymous Twitter account, who believe that The Daily Stormer had made the post themselves in order to explain away technical issues the site was experiencing, after web hosting company GoDaddy had banned them from using the service. We have no confirmation that \"Anonymous\" is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host. 5p \u2014 Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017 This is likely to be the derps from dailystormer engaging in a silly troll to woo their clueless base. If we're proven wrong, so be it. \u2014 Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017 And all the old content is left up by a \"UNITED FORCE OF ELITE HACKERS\" on a shit post site \"UNDER THE CONTROL OF ANONYMOUS.\" Doubtful. \u2014 Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017 If goal of Daily Stormer was to get us to celebrate a BS claim, it backfired. Seriously, suck less. \u2014 Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017 The neo-Nazi site has been given 24 hours to find a new host, otherwise it will be taken offline by GoDaddy. The post suggesting Anonymous were now in control of the site also stated that The Daily Stormer would be taken offline within 24 hours, suggesting that its creators are looking for a conspiratorial explanation as to why the site has disappeared if GoDaddy removes it from the internet.", "label": 0, "id": 304}
{"text": "Channel 4 have been accused of \u201cbrownfacing\u201d in a row over a documentary showing a white woman disguised as a Muslim complete with darkened skin. Katie Freeman, 44, was given a prosthetic nose, fake teeth and darkened skin as she filmed My Week As A Muslim. The show documents Ms Freeman's experiences in Manchester in the week after a terror attack at the city's arena that killed 22 people. Described as an attempt to challenge stereotypes, the show aimed to give the the 44-year-old a \"chance to meaningfully walk in the shoes of someone from a different background.\" Katie Freeman starred in the documentary (Channel 4) However, when a trailer for the show aired on Tuesday, viewers took to social media to slam the nature of Ms Freeman's disguise. One wrote: \"What the f*** is this? Channel 4 has totally missed the mark here. Who on earth thought it would be a good idea to put prosthetics on somebody to make them a caricature of people of a different race (as if being white and Muslim are exclusive anyway)? On primetime TV in 2017? Madness.\" Another bemused commenter simply wrote: \"Did they.brownface her?\" On Twitter, viewer Alice Beggs said: \"Just saw Channel 4 have a show called 'My Week As A Muslim' where this white woman has brownface and prosthetics so she can learn about racism etc. Because god forbid we just listen to Muslims when they tell us what abuse they get.\" Another criticised Channel 4 for not \"actually following a Muslim poc (person of colour) and documenting their life, instead of doing this\". Before Ms Freeman underwent the transformation, she admitted she would avoid sitting next to a Muslim on public transport because \"you see them and think they're going to blow something up\", the Daily Mail reported. She later said she was shocked by the level of abuse she suffered in the course of the programme. During one incident in which someone shouted \"f****** Muslims, in this town?\" as she walked past her local pub. Ms Freeman lived with Saima Alvi, a Muslim woman, during filming for the show. The 49-year-old told of the abuse she suffers regularly. She said: \"It's very humiliating that I am pigeon-holed or put in the same box as a terrorist. \"What I have learnt is that there are genuinely nice people who are unfortunately misled about Islam.\" Speaking to the Daily Mail, Fiyaz Mughal, founder of community cohesion group Faith Matters, said: \"This is trying to drive ratings by racial stereotyping. Channel 4 needs to apologise. \"If you are trying to bridge divides, what message does it send to Muslim communities that people think of you in a certain way? That certain crude facial characteristics are what defines you as Asian?\" The show's executive producer, Fozia Khan, defended the programme, told the Daily Mail: \"The programme allowed Katie to meaningfully walk in the shoes of someone from a different background and to experience what it is like to be a part of the British Pakistani Muslim community rather than just observe as an outsider.\" My Week As A Muslim is due to be broadcast by Channel 4 on Monday at 9pm.", "label": 0, "id": 38}
{"text": "Are you tired of Liberals and lawmakers trying to undermine our Constitutional right to keep and bear arms? Then do something about it! We must get ahead of this storm because it is bearing down on us in full force! They preach that we need more and more gun control every single time there is some sort of mass shooting, even though the mass shootings are nearly always a crazed Democrat. The gun used by Stephen Paddock in the Las Vegas massacre on Sunday was already an illegal gun! Further more going to show that gun control does not work. Criminals DO NOT OBEY THE LAW! They will still have guns, even if they are illegal. As Sean Davis explains at the Federalist automatic weapons (or machine guns) are already banned or almost unattainable under existing federal law. Secondly, the concert was a \u201cgun free zone.\u201d All guns were already banned there. Thirdly, Paddock would have had to have done a lot of work beforehand to prepare for this unspeakable act. There is nothing that Congress could do to stop someone as committed as Paddock was. Finally, Ben Shapiro of the Daily Wire explains that making policy on the heels of a terrible event is usually a bad idea. Gun control laws remove guns from law abiding citizens, so that they can no longer defend themselves, and emboldens criminals, who won\u2019t follow the laws anyway. In other words, without guns, we are sitting ducks! Taking rights away from law-abiding citizens is not the solution! If you agree, and want to have your voice heard, sign the petition to Congress! We WILL stand for what we believe in! MOLON LABE! 60 Celebrities Who Are Mega Trump Supporters - #20 Is Unbelievable! The views expressed in this opinion article are solely those of their author and are not necessarily either shared or endorsed by EagleRising.com", "label": 1, "id": 471}
{"text": "Junkbunny Who Tried Buying Xanax Off Turtleboy Tried Suing EMT After She Came After Him On An Ambulance Ride And Has Declared War On Turtle Riders Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at Turtleboysports@gmail.com for more information. For the first time ever today two junkboxes messaged the Turtleboy business page to ask if we had Xanax for sale.One of them was Jessica Kane, who according to her Facebook page lives in Pawtucket, but she insists she lives in Smithfield, RI. Odds are she knows her way around the Bucket though, and could probably tell you which corners yield the highest dividends. Just sayin. Anyway, she reached out to us looking for zannies: But Jessica Kane was just warming up. Because it wasn\u2019t enough to message a blog that frequently shames junkboxes and ratchets, looking for drugs, she had to take on turtle riders too\u2026\u2026. \u201cI\u2019ll beat ur ass corn.\u201d That\u2019s a new one. As you can see she is alleging that we are the ones who solicited her to see if she wanted to buy drugs off us. Ya got that? This is what Turtleboys do every day. We scour the Internet looking for junkboxes to sell our excess zannies to. Definitely. Anyway, turns out she doesn\u2019t have a drug problem, her \u201cjob\u201d just doesn\u2019t offer health insurance. Naturally then her only recourse was to message Turtleboy and see what he was charging. She can\u2019t afford health insurance, but cash money sure ain\u2019t a problem: That right there is a lot of mushroom tip participation trophies! As you can see, she\u2019s sticking to her story that we messaged her first, which obviously makes TONS of sense. She kept posting a screenshot showing what appears to be us contacting her first, asking if she was looking for zannies. She just forgot that in the very blog she was commenting on anyone could clearly see that she was the one who initiated contact: Oops! After that it was time to bust out the CAPS LOCK! Thirteen years is a long time to be prescribed Xanax. And by \u201cprescribed\u201d she means, \u201ctreated Diego to a basket lunch in exchange for illegal narcotics.\u201d Up next was the \u201cI\u2019ll fuck everyone up\u201d portion of the Gospel of Ratchet: Yea guys, she\u2019s totally not a junkie. She just so happens to message random community Facebook pages looking to score drugs. And occasionally she gets busted with crack cocaine: Besides that she\u2019s totally NOT a junkie. But it\u2019s all good in the hood because she got that shit dismissed! Therefore she never got caught with crack cocaine. (P.S. turtle riders are savage) Next up in the ratchet script was the threat to call the cops: So if you\u2019re keeping score at home, this woman approached us about buying drugs, admitted to the cops that she did so, and the cops responded by turning their focus on cyberbullying. Because NOTHING IS MORE SERIOUS THAN CYBERBULLYING, EVEN ADDICTION! You can\u2019t make this stuff up. Only on Turtleboy. This is why we are the greatest blog that\u2019s ever existed. Good luck finding this sort of entertainment at Barstool. But her story checks out because her uncle is the chief of police: We just don\u2019t know what town he\u2019s the chief of police in. Wherever he is, I\u2019m sure her imaginary uncle would be thrilled to find his junkie niece name dropping him on Turtleboy. But wait, it gets better. Last year she made headlines when she was getting her biweekly free ambulance ride to the ER when she claimed she was abused by one of the first responders. And in one of the greatest MSM fails of all time, NCB \u201cInvestigative\u201d Team fell for her act hook, line, and sinker: That interview was amazing. She literally puts on a blazer and some non-prescription glasses and the schmucks on this \u201cI-Team\u201d just assume she\u2019s a law-abiding non-ratchet member of society. A local woman turned to the NBC 10 I-Team for answers after she captured a confrontation inside a North Providence ambulance on cell phone video. The video shows an EMT lashing out at her, appearing to slap her in the face and swearing at her several times. \u201cHe then smacked me across my face,\u201d Jessica Kane said of the July 30 incident. North Providence officers were responding to a domestic disturbance call when they came into contact with Kane, who is epileptic. A police report obtained by NBC 10 shows the officers saw her have a seizure and lose consciousness. They called the North Providence Fire Department for medical aid, and an ambulance arrived a short time later. \u201cAs soon as I was put into the rescue, I was called a drug addict, which I am not,\u201d she said. \u201cI was just belittled so much. It made me feel like the people here to treat me were there to just accuse me.\u201d Oh yea, she\u2019s TOTALLY not a drug addict. She\u2019s just been arrested for crack cocaine and messages random Facebook pages with 99,0 followers to see if they can sell her Xanax. Oh, and her raspy \u201clife kicked the shit out of me and I\u2019m only 26\u201d voice wasn\u2019t a dead giveaway or anything like that. The video shows the EMT appear to slap Kane in the face, causing her to drop her phone. \u201cThat\u2019s assault!\u201d she screams on the tape. \u201cI\u2019ll give you assault!\u201d the man responds. Watch the video if you haven\u2019t already. She\u2019s all fucked up and aggressive and is taping the guy who probably knows her middle name, date of birth, and blood type because he deals with her so often. She won\u2019t shut the fuck up and approaches him while taping. She gets too close. He pushes her away from him. Assault. That\u2019s how stupid the NBC 10 \u201cI-Team\u201d is. The unidentified EMT can also be heard telling Kane to \u201cshut the (expletive) up.\u201d She said the verbal abuse continued once she arrived at the hospital, moments not captured in the video. \u201cHe said, \u2018If you don\u2019t get the F up off this stretcher, I\u2019m going to rip you by your hair,\u2019\u201d Kane told NBC 10. Funny that none of that is on the tape. Guess we\u2019ll just have to take this crackbunny\u2019s word for it. NBC 10 also reviewed the police report from officers who arrived that day. They noted that Kane was difficult to deal with, writing that, \u201cJessica was yelling and screaming in the middle of the road\u201d and was \u201cextremely belligerent.\u201d The police report continues, saying that Kane \u201cbecame hostile, trying to unbuckle herself and get off the stretcher.\u201d Boom. Mystery solved. Kane was released after spending about five hours at Fatima Hospital, and her cell phone was returned. That\u2019s when she said she found the video she recorded in the ambulance in her iPhone\u2019s \u201cRecently Deleted\u201d folder. She believes someone tried to erase it while the phone was out of her control. \u201cI actually received my phone back and I saw that they tried to delete the video,\u201d she said. Oh yea, I\u2019m sure that\u2019s what happened. Why would she lie? She\u2019s wearing a blazer and glasses! Kane hired an attorney and said she plans to file an assault complaint with Rhode Island State Police. As of Wednesday, state police said they had not yet received the complaint or been contacted by Kane about the incident. Translation \u2013 she called up Dick N. Vulva, never paid him, got high, and never followed through with her massive lawsuit. Anyway, we were still confused how the hell Jessica Kane got the impression that we were zanny salesmen. Turns out there was a whole background story: You can\u2019t make this shit up. In August we blogged about this Lawrence ghettopoon selling Xanax on Facebook: Evidently Jessica Kane read the headline of this blog, assumed that we were the ones selling zannies, waited until she got her check on the first of the month, and then hit us up for the hookup. Just another day at Turtleboy. Shit like this never gets old. I love my job way too much. One guy suggested that it was a slow week: Dude, not one, but two junkbunnies messaged us assuming we sell Xanax from our Facebook page. If you don\u2019t think that\u2019s getting blogged about then you don\u2019t know Turtleboy. Exactly! Someone gets it! From now on I think this is what you people should start doing: Brilliant. This could be a weekly segment. We urge you to support the following local businesses. They provide terrific services for the community!", "label": 1, "id": 129}
{"text": "The Aspiring Ashanti Regional Chairman of the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) Alhaji Mohammed Sani has called on the founder of Liberal Party of Ghana (LPG) Kofi Akpaloo to publicly apologise to Northerners in Ghana for saying they can never be Presidents. Mr Akpaloo in a recent interview with Abusua Nkommo hosted by Kwame Adinkra said \u2018no Ghanaian will vote for a Northerner to be a President of Ghana\u2019 after the abysmal performance by the former President John Dramani Mahama in the 2016 elections. According to Akpaloo, Northerners who were given the nod to lead the country failed Ghanaians and that Ghanaians will not vote for Northerners in 2020 elections. But speaking on Abusua Nkommo with Kwame Adinkra, Alhaji Sani described as \u2018misguided missile\u2019 the tribal comment by Mr Akpaloo that Northerners cannot be in the helm of affairs of the country. He advised the founder of Liberal Party of Ghana to retract his statement warning to retaliate in equal measure if he fails to do so. \u2018\u2026This is a misguided missile by Akpaloo, his comment is an insult to Northerners, what research has he conducted to come out with such comment. If he has personal issues with John Mahama, he shouldn\u2019t rope in all Northerners in his hatred. What kind of language is that, he should stop insulting a group of people, is he important than other people. \u2018He should withdraw and apologise, I am highly offended by his comment, if he refuses, I will be forced to wage war words against him,\u2019 he stated. Alhaji Sani entreated Ghanaians to stop tagging people on tribal lines and judge them according to their performances.", "label": 0, "id": 66}
{"text": "Donald Trump will address the nation from New York City this evening as the president elect of the United States. The Trump campaign has been holding its election night party all night at the New York Hilton Midtown, with the festivities beginning at 6:30 p.m. Eastern Time. Trump\u2019s supporters have become more and more energized as the hours have ticked on, and Trump will take the stage to address them soon. The speech can be viewed live in the embedded YouTube player via Right Side Broadcasting. It\u2019s not currently known when Trump will take the stage, as we\u2019re still awaiting for many more results to come in. But at about 1:00 a.m., Decision Desk HQ officially made their call that Donald Trump has been elected president, and it looks incredibly unlikely that the election will end any other way at this point. It\u2019s difficult to overstate how monumental of an event this is in the history of American politics. Donald Trump went into this election night being seen as having no real shot at the White House, with many Democrats not even expecting the race to be remotely close. Trump has pulled off what will likely go down as the most shocking political upset in history, and the election result proved nearly every single poll and electoral projection wrong. In fact, it seemed for a while that even Donald Trump himself wasn\u2019t sure that he was going to win the election. After all, when he was asked during the presidential debate whether he would concede to Hillary Clinton if he loses, Trump refused to commit to doing so, saying, \u201cI\u2019ll keep you in suspense\u201d seemingly because part of him doubted he could pull this thing off. Obviously, conceding to Hillary Clinton is no longer an issue. So what will Trump say in his speech tonight? Both supporters and detractors alike are hoping for the new president to start to heal the divide after an incredibly heated and contentious election cycle. It\u2019s also unknown how Donald Trump may address Hillary Clinton, his opponent who he has repeatedly said should be in jail. Hillary Clinton is also expected to speak from the Javits Center in New York City, although many of her supporters have already left the arena in tears. Read more about Donald Trump and Melania in Spanish at AhoraMismo.com: Join over 240,0 people who get the most important news stories and the best shopping deals from Heavy \u2013 Delivered right to your inbox.", "label": 0, "id": 151}
{"text": "\u201cI had two liberal colleagues at the CIA who believed in global warming and neither had any proof to justify their opinions.\u201d By Joe Boatwright: I\u2019m amazed that there is still an argument surrounding global warming. Most of the literature is full of articles from organizations that deal with planetary weather issues or other political organizations that have joined the climate change movement. Conclusively, none of any of their global warming predictions have come to fruition. Almost every assertion has been debunked or proven false, sometimes by other parts of the same organization! Why should conservatives continue to debate liberals on this topic? Firstly, conservatives should always try to stop any insanity from the left, no matter what the subject. Secondly, the left continues to put forth their agenda on global warming, no matter how idiotic. So unfortunately, the right must respond against these arguments (again, no matter how absurd). Rush Limbaugh agreed by positing another reason: \u201cThe only reason we\u2019re even talking about global warming \u2014 well, the real only reason \u2014 is its part of the left\u2019s agenda of expanding government worldwide, raising taxes worldwide, and a key ingredient of this is blaming average citizens for the problem.\u201d The conservative fight is to keep the left\u2019s \u2018one world order\u2019 and worldwide tax increases from happening. We should not allow them to blame anyone for something that does not exist and can\u2019t be proven. Back in August 2014 Alex Newman wrote in The New American, \u201cEmbarrassing Predictions Haunt the Global-Warming Industry.\u201d This excellent article details in length the litany of failed global warming predictions. It also criticizes organizations like the UN that recanted some of their farcical claims, sometimes even before they could be proven wrong. In one instance, the UN discovered their \u2018scientific\u2019 evidence came from the World Wildlife Fund propaganda literature. The claims from the liberal agenda of these organizations are so outlandish that it wouldn\u2019t be surprising for them to throw in some type of zombie apocalypse. Global Warming is not scientific; it has become a political issue with many commenters who act as experts. In addition, articles that have been debunked continue to be echoed in other commentaries. These commentaries continue to make further inane assertions based on information already proven wrong. Global warming theorists who act as though this information is the word of God have taken the definition of non-sequitur to another level. Neuman points this out: \u201cthe UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has acted as the main scaremonger for the global warming lobby that led to the Kyoto Protocol.\u201d However, \u201cthe IPCC is a political, not scientific, body.\u201d Only liberal extremists still beat the global warming drum \u2014 you shouldn\u2019t be listening. No compatible source was found for this video. However, global warming myths continue to circulate periodically, despite being dispelled at length. For instance, there is the worry of our ecosystems being disrupted by rising temperatures or increasing CO2. Numerous studies show that there is no proof of rising temperatures distinct from natural system variations, and atmospheric CO2 is a beneficial fertilizer for plants! Regardless of the causes of these variations, the planet\u2019s ecosystems have been adapting since the beginning of time. Almost as an urban legend, abnormal ice melting claims about both the north and south pole regions continue. But the only thing that is abnormal is that anyone believes them. I had two liberal colleagues at the CIA who believed in global warming and neither had any proof to justify their opinions. One had just experienced a hurricane and said that he would crush anyone\u2019s head who was a non-believer in global warming. He was later fired, not because of his global warming beliefs, but because of his poor analytical skills. Our very liberal office allowed the other colleague to show slides from a vacation trip to the Arctic Circle. In addition, an alleged diminishing local animal population was presented as further proof. Of course, no real proof was presented. As one of the senior analysts of the office, I took no real part in the discussions. Office politics aside, I took to heart Mark Twain\u2019s saying, \u201cnever argue with a fool; onlookers may not be able to tell the difference.\u201d However, in their defense, they never professed to be experts \u2014 they were just more misguided liberals (is that redundant?) who are plentiful everywhere including the intelligence agencies. How can you argue with the so-called global warming experts that use the inanest \u2018evidence\u2019 and arguments to support their claims? For instance, it is amazing how many \u2018experts\u2019 use fictional movies about global warming to support their claims! If Al Gore gives up on Global Warming, he should move on to vampires, werewolves, and zombies. There are plenty of movies with that type of scientific evidence! I\u2019m surprised that people aren\u2019t curious why there are no other climate claims other than global warming. For example, what happened to concerns about oceans. Seriously, decades ago severe pollution and rising sea levels was as big of a concern as global warming. I read that there was a swordfish in the Smithsonian that was over 150 years old, and that a group of global warming advocates would have conclusive proof of the effects of industrial man if the tissue in the swordfish was significantly different from fish of today. However, examination showed that it wasn\u2019t. Thus, they had to go back to their old theory of rising oceans, which of course, can\u2019t be proven either. When I was living in the D.C. area, one of the stations was particularly proud of their new Doppler radar that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. They touted that it could predict snow arrival, as well as depth. As a former Army air defender with a knowledge of this radar, I didn\u2019t think they fully understood its capabilities or value. The other stations predicted the weather just as well without the radar, one station even used an old wooden yardstick to show the depth of the snow. Their depth measured the exact same as the station with the Doppler. Some cynics believe accuracy was never the goal in any global warming forecasts anyway; the goal was always to gain more money, power, and influence. I agree with other rational, logical \u2018climate deniers\u2019 that \u201cthe Earth\u2019s climate has always changed, and very likely will continue to change, regardless of what humans do. What is now clear, though, is that the establishment has no idea what those changes will be \u2014 much less what drives the changes or how to control them.\u201d However, does it really matter to a liberal what the truth is? They control almost all of the main stream media,which in turn presents their propaganda. It is shamefully evident why there are so few conservative messages from the media. If the left are so correct, shouldn\u2019t they still compare and contrast their opinion with others to prove their point?", "label": 1, "id": 266}
{"text": "Clinton, who has grown increasingly public and vocal in recent weeks, appears ready to drive the bus again. But do we have to be the passengers? By T.A. Frank; VanityFair: With Donald Trump busy spreading havoc around the world\u2014most recently tweeting about James Comey\u2019s testimony, or feeding into the crisis over Qatar\u2014it\u2019s reasonable to ask who can be bothered to gripe about Hillary Clinton. But I can. One makes the time. Or maybe one doesn\u2019t, but in a two-party system there\u2019s only one alternative to the party of Trump, and the role of Clinton in that party is therefore important. Lately, it has been increasing. Hillary has been making high-profile public appearances and started talking frankly about her distaste for Trump and her dismay over the people and things that cost her the election. She has even founded a PAC called Onward Together, a 501(c)(4) that will \u201cadvance progressive values.\u201d Whether we like it or not, the Clintons are back in the game. It\u2019s up to the rest of us to figure out if we approve. Just about everything we do lends itself to a generous or hostile interpretation. Our friends think we feed the poor because we have genuine compassion, and our enemies think we do so because we want to look good. The benign take on motives isn\u2019t always closest to the truth, but it\u2019s the better bet. (On the occasions that I\u2019ve had an inside view of something in the glare of the press, those with the darkest take on it have usually been wrong.) I\u2019ve been tough on Chelsea Clinton\u2014hard not to be\u2014but Hillary Clinton has a much higher accomplishment-to-self-regard ratio. So why not start generously? To read rest of article visit VanityFair. The Clinton Blame Game: Hillary Needs to Accept Responsibility for Loss No compatible source was found for this video. By Brian Brinker; OpsLens: Now that Hillary Clinton is making her way back into the public spotlight, we\u2019re starting to hear a lot more about who\u2019s to blame for her loss. Of course, President Trump is at the top of her list. So too are members of her campaign staff, pollsters, The New York Times, supporters who didn\u2019t show up at the polls, James Comey, Putin and the Russians, and various others. You know whose name you\u2019re not going to find? Hillary Clinton\u2019s own. Save perhaps for President Trump, no one else is singularly so responsible for her loss than Hillary herself. Yet, she has so far proven unwilling to take any of the blame. As Hillary stated in a recent interview, \u201cI take responsibility for every decision I make\u2014but that\u2019s not why I lost.\u201d In other words, the blame doesn\u2019t fall on Hillary\u2019s shoulders, at least in her mind. However, as the nominee and candidate for president, no one else should have to shoulder as much blame as Hillary. And I say this as someone who does believe that sexism and other \u201cunfair\u201d factors played a role. Still, it wasn\u2019t sexism that inspired Hillary to ignore voters in Michigan and Wisconsin and to jet set out to California to meet with rich donors. And it wasn\u2019t sexism that inspired a largely negative campaign that focused on why people should vote against Donald Trump, rather than why they should vote for Hillary Clinton. Turns out that her campaign didn\u2019t inspire a lot of people to the polls. Sexism may have been a factor in Hillary\u2019s inability to connect with voters, especially working and middle class voters. But there were many other factors as well. Hillary has a tendency of coming off as an elitist. She can\u2019t pour a beer, she hasn\u2019t driven a car in years, and she always seemed to struggle to relate to people directly. Her campaign, meanwhile, was mostly tone deaf. After winning the DNC nomination, she largely blew off Michigan and Wisconsin. The problem is that if you want midwestern voters, you have to meet with them and respect them. You can\u2019t ignore them and skip off to sunny California to eat triple-digit meals and hob knob with celebrities and millionaires instead. To read rest of article visit OpsLens.", "label": 1, "id": 268}
{"text": "General Issam Zahreddine in Deir Ezzor BEIRUT, LEBANON (4:50 P.M.) \u2013 The battle for Al-Mayadeen proved to be a decisive victory for the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and their allies, as they were able to successfully uproot the so-called Islamic State (ISIS) from this large city in the Deir Ezzor Governorate. For ISIS, their defeat at Al-Mayadeen could not come at a worse time, as their battlefield woes in Al-Raqqa and central Syria have handicapped their remaining forces inside the country. On Sunday, Syrian news channels posted several videos showing the aftermath of the Al-Mayadeen battle and the recently liberated areas surrounding the city. The footage showed scores of dead ISIS terrorists and a large number of armored vehicles that were destroyed by the Syrian Arab Army during their one week long offensive. Gone. With Al-Mayadeen liberated, the Syrian Army will now turn their attention to the provincial capital and Al-\u2018Umar Oil Fields in order to expel the Islamic Sate from more areas in Syria.", "label": 0, "id": 548}
{"text": "Dozens of protesters gathered Saturday at Lawyers Mall in Annapolis to talk about President Donald Trump. This time, they were in support of him. About 50 people of diverse background who turned out for the Making America Great Again, Already! rally wore Trump T-shirts and hats, posed for pictures with Trump signs and waved Trump flags to show their support for the president\u2019s agenda. It is the same site where numerous rallies have been held with speakers who have been critical of the president. Trump \u201chas people against him \u2026 from within the party, from the media. We are here to support and endorse what he has been doing for the military and the economy,\u201d said Sajid Tarar, a Muslim immigrant from Pakistan and founder of Muslim Americans for Trump. The rally comes at a time of intense controversy for the president. An ABC Post poll from this month showed 66 percent of Americans said Trump has done more to divide the country than unite it. He recently criticized NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem to protest police brutality against African-Americans. And the rally was held the same day as marches with speakers expected to be critical of the president were staged across the country in support of racial justice. Another is planned Sunday at Lawyers Mall. But Saturday, the crowd outside the State House had a different message. The rally, co-sponsored by Muslim Americans for Trump and Sikh Americans for Trump, was intended to bring together minority communities not typically associated with Trump\u2019s largely white base and demonstrate support for Trump\u2019s ideas. Tarar has been a vocal Trump supporter from early on; he prayed onstage at the Republican National Convention and spoke favor of the then-candidate. Trump\u2019s statements about Muslims and Islam are not directed at the faith as a whole, Tarar said, nor at every Muslim American. It would be impossible, Tarar said, to cast blame on every person belonging to the world\u2019s second-largest religion. \u201cAs a Muslim, I saw him as a relief. I saw him as the person who can fight the terrorism,\u201d Tarar said. He said Trump\u2019s travel ban, which originally blocked immigrants from Iran, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Yemen and Sudan, isn\u2019t a ban at all but a pause, to ensure thorough vetting of the people from these countries. The original restriction on travel from these six countries has expired and been replaced with an order that bans varying degrees of immigration from Chad, Iran, Libya, North Korea, Somalia, Syria, Venezuela and Yemen. Tarar and Sikh Americans for Trump founder Jesse Singh both immigrated to the U.S. \u2014 \u201clegally,\u201d Singh told the crowd. Like Tarar, he attended the president\u2019s inauguration. Singh said when he first arrived in Dulles International Airport in Virginia, he saw a futuristic marvel in the sleek terminals and busses that whisked passengers to and fro. But the bus that dropped him off in 1986 is the bus that he is still taking today, adding that the more impressive airports are now the ones in his home country of India. \u201cLast year I went to India, and that airport I left is now looking futuristic,\u201d Singh said. \u201cWhen I came to Dulles Airport, the same 30-year-old bus with loose doors and torn carpet came to receive me. So, when Donald Trump says our infrastructure has gone down, he\u2019s totally right.\u201d Other speakers, including Republican strategist and commentator Ivan Garcia-Hidalgo, praised the president\u2019s crackdown on illegal immigration and promise to build a border wall. At one point, a \u201cBuild that wall!\u201d chant briefly broke out among the rallygoers. Garcia-Hidalgo spoke of a booming economy, a low unemployment rate and a strong stock market, and defended Trump\u2019s response to the devastation to Puerto Rico following Hurricane Maria. Michael Cohen, who serves as Trump\u2019s personal lawyer, also spoke at the rally via phone and thanked those gathered for their support. Congress has not yet approved funding for the border wall, but the Trump administration has announced companies that are building prototypes. Additionally, Congress has not passed any economic legislation, but the administration introduced a tax reform plan Wednesday. Maryland is a predominantly blue state. More than 60 percent of state voters cast ballots for Hillary Clinton in the last presidential election, and she edged Trump by 6,016 votes in Anne Arundel County. But Marcus Anthony, a Fairfax County, Virginia, resident, said he attended the rally to \u201cpreserve the other side.\u201d \u201cWe live in a highly liberal area,\u201d Marcus said. \u201cAs it is today, a lot of our side is continuously oppressed \u2026 It\u2019s our responsibility to retain our perspectives.\u201d All minorities are not against the president, Singh said. \u201cMinorities have the same agenda as any other Americans,\u201d he said. \u201cWe want America to be great again.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 328}
{"text": "PHOTO: AP \"I can't believe that I'm saying that a candidate for president of the United States has bragged about sexually assaulting women.\" And so First Lady Michelle Obama captured the sentiments of a majority of Americans during an emotional stump speech for Hillary Clinton on Thursday afternoon that lambasted Republican nominee Donald Trump's repeated demeaning and derogatory treatment of women. Speaking before a crowd in Manchester, New Hampshire, Mrs. Obama stated that the leaked Access Hollywood video of Trump bragging about groping, kissing, and trying to have sex with women has \"shaken [her] to [her] core.\" \"It would be dishonest and disingenuous to move on to the next thing like this was all just a bad dream,\" the first lady said. \"We can't sweep this under the rug as another sad footnote in a disturbing election season. This was a powerful individual speaking freely and openly about sexually predatory behavior.\" Refusing to call Trump by name\u2014only referring to him as Hillary Clinton's \"opponent\"\u2014Mrs. Obama denounced the Republican candidate's defense of his past remarks as simple \"locker room talk\" while explaining how personal these comments felt to her\u2014and for all women. For Trump, the 2005 Access Hollywood appearance was not an isolated incident. He has gone on record numerous times to comment on women in, typically, one of two ways: As objects of his own sexual gratification or as threats that should be wholly diminished for their intellect, ambition, or appearance. Though Trump has repeatedly claimed the \"locker room talk\" defense since the tape leaked last Friday, numerous women have since come forward to report their own sexual assaults at the hands of Donald Trump\u2014meaning that this wasn't just talk, it was predatory action. Like millions of Americans, Mrs. Obama, felt shock and outrage over Trump's behavior, and could not believe that there are still people in this country who view women with such little regard, let alone the fact that one of them is trying to become the next president of the United States. \"This is not normal. This not politics as usual. This is disgraceful,\" Mrs. Obama said. \"It doesn't matter what party you belong to\u2014Democrat, Republican, Independent\u2014no woman deserves to be treated this way.\" Asserting that Trump is in no way qualified for the executive branch or be a role model for children who look up to the president, the first lady then praised Hillary Clinton for her longstanding commitment to public service (even saying that she has more experience than both \"Barack or Bill\"), before declaring that the former secretary of state would be the only candidate who could unite the country and guide the American public with strength and compassion. Making a call to undecided voters, Mrs. Obama urged them not to cast a protest vote or sit the election out entirely, saying that doing so would only help clear a path for Trump to the White House. She referenced the 2012 election, in which President Obama won New Hampshire by 4,0 votes. Though that figure might have seemed like a definitive win for the incumbent president, it broke down to a total of just 66 votes per precinct\u2014or, dozens of votes that could make or break a candidate's victory. She additionally cited the power of women voters in this election, and the influence they can have in choosing the next president. A recent report from Nate Silver's FiveThirtyEight election forecast suggested that if only women voted, Hillary Clinton would win by an overwhelming majority (which, horrifyingly, prompted a #Repealthe19th social media campaign among Trump supporters). Mrs. Obama invited all women to take this power seriously and use it to elect a candidate who has not only been a pillar of support for women, but would teach America's children that any kind of degrading, hateful rhetoric is wholly unacceptable. \"We, as women, have all the power we need to determine the outcome of this election,\" Mrs. Obama said. \"We have the knowledge, we have a voice, we have a vote. And on November 8, we as women, we as Americans, we as decent human beings, can declare that enough is enough and we do not tolerate this kind of behavior.\"", "label": 1, "id": 405}
{"text": "WASHINGTON \u2014 Former undercover CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson is looking to crowdfund enough money to buy Twitter so President Donald Trump can\u2019t use it. Wilson launched the fundraiser last week, tweeting: \u201cIf @Twitter executives won\u2019t shut down Trump\u2019s violence and hate, then it\u2019s up to us. #BuyTwitter #BanTrump.\u201d The GoFundMe page for the fundraiser says Trump\u2019s tweets \u201cdamage the country and put people in harm\u2019s way.\u201d As of Wednesday morning, she had raised less than $6,0 of the billion-dollar goal. White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders calls the fundraiser a \u201cridiculous attempt\u201d to shut down the president\u2019s First Amendment rights. Wilson\u2019s identity as a CIA operative was leaked by an official in former President George W. Bush\u2019s administration in 2003. She left the agency in 2005. If @Twitter executives won\u2019t shut down Trump\u2019s violence and hate, then it\u2019s up to us. #BuyTwitter #BanTrump \u2014 Valerie Plame Wilson (@ValeriePlame) August 18, 2017", "label": 0, "id": 371}
{"text": "The FBI is advising people to hang up if they receive a call from a woman screaming for help. A decades-old virtual kidnapping scam is placing more U.S. residents at risk of becoming potential victims, the FBI warned on its website. The scheme takes many forms, but basically callers trick victims into paying ransoms to free family or friends who have been \u201ckidnapped.\u201d The virtual abductors coerce victims to pay a ransom before victims can find out that no one has been kidnapped. The FBI had been tracking virtual kidnapping calls primarily from prisons in Mexico between 2013 and 2015. The callers targeted individuals who spoke Spanish, the FBI said. Most of the victims were from the Los Angeles and Houston areas. Today's top news by email The local news you need to start your day Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms The FBI issued the warning because kidnappers have widened their pool of potential victims by no longer targeting only specific individuals and Spanish speakers. The callers also are cold-calling numbers in various cities. In a recent investigation, the FBI found that more than 80 people have fallen victim to the new tactics in California, Minnesota, Idaho and Texas. Those victims paid more than $87,0 in ransom. An FBI spokeswoman for the Kansas City offices said she was not aware of any instances that have occurred in Kansas or Missouri where the FBI was involved. The scam works this way: The potential victim answers a call and hears a woman screaming, \u201cHelp me!\u201d The victim might blurt out a name, like Mary, asking her if she\u2019s OK. At that point, the caller will tell the victim that Mary has been kidnapped and she will be harmed if ransom isn\u2019t paid quickly. The scam is successful when victims don\u2019t know the whereabouts of their loved ones. The scammers typically demand that the ransoms are wired to Mexico. The amount is typically less than $2,0 because of legal restrictions for wiring larger amounts across the border, the FBI said. However, two victims in Houston were coerced to pay larger ransoms by making money drops. A federal grand jury charged a 34-year-old Houston woman in July with 10 counts, including wire fraud and money laundering, for her involvement in the scam. The charges are the first federal indictment in a virtual kidnapping case, the FBI said. Robert A. Cronkleton: 816-234-4261, @cronkb How to avoid falling victim If you receive a call from someone demanding ransom for an alleged kidnap victim, the FBI suggests: Hang up the phone. Don\u2019t call out your loved one\u2019s name if you do respond to call. Request to speak with the alleged victim. Ask questions only the alleged victim would know. Listen to the voice of the alleged victim if they do speak. Try to contact the alleged victim on the phone, text or social media. Don\u2019t agree to pay a ransom. If you believe a real kidnapping has taken place, call 911. Source: FBI", "label": 0, "id": 580}
{"text": "A remarkable thing happened recently. You might have missed it, because while it happened in plain sight, it also happened in increments. You had to put the pieces together to appreciate the magnitude of it. You see, America repudiated its president. This, of course, was in response to that pathetic performance in the wake of the tragedy in Charlottesville, Va., when he suggested moral equivalence between white supremacists and those who protest them. In response, America \u2014 a pretty broad swath of it, at least \u2014 has condemned him. The reference is not to the shellacking he took from pundits or the reprovals of GOP leaders Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan. These things were to be expected. But you did not expect the Chairman and CEO of Merck to quit the president\u2019s American Manufacturing Council. And Ken Frazier\u2019s departure, which he framed as \u201ca matter of personal conscience,\u201d was just the opening salvo. He was followed through the door by members of that panel and others. By week\u2019s end, two presidential business advisory groups had ceased to exist and plans for a third had been scrapped. Members of the President\u2019s Committee on the Arts and the Humanities also resigned en masse. Meantime, Mar-a-Lago, Trump\u2019s club and de facto presidential getaway in Florida, saw a rash of charities canceling their fundraising events. The Washington Post listed the Salvation Army, the American Red Cross, Susan G. Komen and the American Cancer Society among those who have chosen to hold their galas elsewhere. And there is yet more. Bob Corker, a respected Republican senator who has heretofore sought to engage with the president, raised sharp questions not just about Trump\u2019s competence, but also his \u201cstability,\u201d and called for \u201cradical changes\u201d in the White House. Five military chiefs also spoke out against the bigotry in Charlottesville, in a striking reproach of their commander. Graduates of Liberty University called on fellow alumni to return their diplomas to protest LU president Jerry Falwell Jr.\u2019s support for Trump. And it was announced that the president would not be attending the Kennedy Center Honors in December, nor host the traditional White House reception for the five honorees after three of them had spoken of boycotting the event. And really: How toxic are you when Lionel Richie doesn\u2019t want to shake your hand? It seems that a great many Americans reached a moment of decision and reacted as you would have hoped. Trump and his apologists and enablers should take note, because this does not bode well for them. For all its powers of law making, war making, budget drafting, and diplomacy, the presidency also embodies the power of moral suasion. A president uses what Theodore Roosevelt called \u201cthe bully pulpit\u201d \u2014 the honor and prestige of his office \u2014 to stand for what is right and remind us to do likewise. Problematically, that office is occupied now by a man with no moral compass, a man whose only true North is self. So what happened was sadly predictable. What was not predictable was this chorus of castigation from such a wide spectrum of American life. The stunning rebuke offers heartening evidence that we have not yet completely abandoned who and what we are supposed to be. Again, this is a moment of decision. Those who chose to separate themselves from Trump declared their values \u2014 and character. Those who supported him did, too.", "label": 1, "id": 51}
{"text": "Unable to play video. HTML5 is not supported! After the violent protests in Charlottesville, Virginia, over a Confederate monument, internet companies are making it difficult for white supremacist groups to organize online. Neo-Nazi website the Daily Stormer was booted from web host GoDaddy after the rally. GoDaddy tweeted the site violated its terms of service. The Daily Stormer then tried to move to Google and then a Russian domain, but both hosts rejected the site. Twitter and LinkedIn also canceled Daily Stormer-related accounts, and YouTube has cracked down on accounts associated with alt-right figures. SEE MORE: Phoenix's Mayor Wants President Trump To Delay A Rally In The City White supremacists aren't being allowed to express themselves through song, either. Spotify is purging white supremacist music from its archives. And Pandora said it's making sure there's nothing like that on its service. This was a trend before the \"Unite the Right\" rally even started. Airbnb deleted accounts of users it suspected were trying to book rooms in Charlottesville before the event. White supremacists aren't just being blocked from posting on the internet. They're also being blocked from profiting from it. Crowd-funding sites like Patreon and GoFundMe blocked the accounts of alt-right figures and groups, forcing some to use a knockoff called Hatreon. Trending stories at Newsy.com", "label": 0, "id": 492}
{"text": "The Veterans Recognition Foundation built Veterans Park in Longview, Texas to serve as a thank you for the work of veterans in all branches of the military and as a reminder of their sacrifice. Unfortunately, something happened earlier this week in the park that has deeply upset many veterans and visitors. The Longview News-Journal reports that the statue of the Unknown Solider has been destroyed. Air Force veteran David Applewhite posted a photo to Facebook saying, \u201cOne of the statues guarding the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier monument has been pushed over by vandals at the Veterans Plaza in Longview! Was not young children who did this!\u201d Unfortunately, there doesn\u2019t seem to be any news on who could have ruined the statue, nor if this was definitely an act of vandalism. Some are speculating that it could have been the result of a structural failure in a weak part of the sculpture. Several Longview residents are expressing their anger on social media, calling for all kinds of punishments for the vandals. Others are just hoping to see the statue repaired as quickly as possible. The Veterans Plaza website has a \u201c support\u201d page where they accept donations to rebuild what was lost.", "label": 0, "id": 474}
{"text": "Republicans knew what they were getting when they overwhelmingly voted for Bruce Rauner. He made no secret of his support for abortion. In 2014, his wife, Diana Rauner, went so far as to take out an ad assuring pro-choice Democrats of her husband's stance. Despite what you've been reading about the far right's consternation with Bruce Rauner over his ostensible support for abortion in Illinois, I think it's been a pretty good month for the governor. The union-busting Janus v. American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees case that he initiated has made it to the Supreme Court. And he's got liberal groups like Planned Parenthood praising him for his stance on reproductive rights. It looks like he may be able to put together the band of rabid right-wingers and abortion-rights moderates who helped elect him in the first place. I know that sounds like the oddest of coalitions\u2014but it just goes to show you what a clever politician can buy with his billions. The Republican right-to-lifers are furious that Rauner flip-flopped and signed HB 40, the reproductive rights bill that expanded Medicaid funding for some abortions and eliminated the controversial \"trigger provision\" from state law. (The trigger language would've made abortions illegal in Illinois should Roe v. Wade be overturned.) And many, including Steve Bannon, are talking about recruiting someone to mount a primary challenge against Rauner. But I think it's mostly bluster. In fact, I can't understand why they're so outraged. They knew what they were getting when they overwhelmingly voted for Rauner back in 2014. Rauner made no secret of his support for abortion. In 2014, his wife, Diana Rauner, went so far as to take out an ad assuring pro-choice Democrats that when it came to abortion rights her husband would be no different than his opponent, former governor Pat Quinn. Backed by many pro-choice moderates in DuPage County, the North Shore, and the Gold Coast, Rauner edged out Quinn and promptly went to work bankrupting public education by vetoing the budget. Earlier this year, the governor panicked when it looked as though he might be losing support among downstate Republicans. So he assured right-to-life legislators he would veto HB40. That enraged pro-choice voters, who claimed he was betraying his lifelong commitment to their cause. Rauner found himself in a jam. He had to decide which group he could least afford to alienate on the eve of next year's election: Gold Coast and North Shore moderates or rabid Republicans. Obviously, he went with the former, at least partly because, if push came to shove, they might actually vote for a Democrat. As for the rabid right, he probably figured he'd give 'em a tax break and they'd follow him off a cliff. Of course, Rauner was slick about it. Over the summer he made a real show of inviting various pro-choice women to his office to explain to him how important it was to pass HB40. And then on September 28, he signed it, making a big deal about it, like he was King Solomon making a wrenching decision as opposed to a lifelong abortion supporter doing what he'd promised to do four years ago. In any case, it seems to have worked. Key players in the pro-choice movement fell for it. When Rauner signed HB40, Planned Parenthood of Illinois sent an e-mail calling on members to \"thank Governor Rauner.\" Puh-lease! A more accurate response would've been \"Thanks for nothing, Bruce!\" Even if the strategy fails and he doesn't win reelection, Rauner's in a perfect position to achieve his great dream of damaging, if not destroying, public unions in Illinois thanks to the Janus case. Mark Janus is a state employee who argues that his First Amendment rights are being violated because state law requires him to contribute a \"fair share\" portion of his paycheck to the union that represents him\u2014in this case, the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees. In particular, he doesn't think he should have to donate money to a union with which he disagrees politically. It's called a fair-share contribution because the money guarantees that workers share the cost of financing a union that represents them in bargaining and grievance hearings. On February 9, 2015, a few weeks after he took office, Rauner issued an executive order halting automatic fair-share deductions from paychecks. Several unions and attorney general Lisa Madigan sued and Rauner's executive order was overturned. Rauner also filed a suit in federal court seeking to stop automatic fair-share contributions on First Amendment grounds. In 2016, a federal judge ruled against Rauner, decreeing that the governor didn't have standing in the case. By then Janus had joined the case\u2014as a state employee, he clearly has standing. Janus is being represented by the National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation, a union-busting outfit that's financially supported by the Koch brothers, the Walton Family Foundation, and other stalwarts of the far right. On September 28, the Supreme Court agreed to hear Janus's case. The suit is similar to one filed by Rebecca Friedrichs, a teacher in California, who lost when the Supreme Court was deadlocked 4-4. Since then President Trump and the Senate have put conservative Neil Gorsuch on the court. So unless another judge flips\u2014c'mon Justice Kennedy, you can do it!\u2014it looks like SCOTUS will issue a bruising blow against unions, which will have to scramble to keep up their funding. This is a cruel irony on many levels. For one thing, government employees such as Janus will be relatively defenseless without unions if they're fired or harassed by a powerful politician like Rauner. Good luck getting the National Right to Work Foundation to help them with that. As for Rauner's friends at Planned Parenthood\u2014well, with a drop in membership, unions will be less able to help elect Democrats. So really the assault on unions is an attempt to cripple the Democratic Party. You don't think the Koch brothers actually give a hoot about workers like Mark Janus, do you? If Democrats can't beat Republicans, they can't enact liberal-minded measures, like\u2014oh, just to pick one\u2014reproductive rights. Think about this, Planned Parenthood. Your good friend, Bruce, is throwing you under the bus once again. Only this time he's got a more roundabout way of doing it. v", "label": 1, "id": 510}
{"text": "Image via Michael B. Images FBI Labels \u201cBlack Identity Extremists\u201d As Threat To Police This is how it starts. Everyone needs to pay attention because one day we might look back at this moment as a pivotal moment when the federal government reinvigorated a campaign against Black protesters and activists. According to ForeignPolicy, the FBI\u2019s counterterrorism unit is warning that \u201cblack identity extremists\u201d are a major threat to law enforcement officers. They even have a cute acronym for \u201cthese types\u201d of people, BIE. Peep the langage used here: \u201cThe FBI assesses it is very likely Black Identity Extremist (BIE) perceptions of police brutality against African Americans spurred an increase in premeditated, retaliatory lethal violence against law enforcement and will very likely serve as justification for such violence,\u201d \u201cPerceptions\u201d. PERCEPTIONS. \u201cPerceptions of police brutality against African Americans\u201d\u2026ain\u2019t no \u201cperceptions\u201d, b!tc#! We KNOW the police whoop our azzes just for living. Our collective response to the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson is the catalyst for the Black boogie men who are taking aim at cops if you let them tell it: \u201cThe FBI assesses it is very likely incidents of alleged police abuse against African Americans since then have continued to feed the resurgence in ideologically motivated, violent criminal activity within the BIE movement,\u201d Again, \u201calleged\u201d. Pay. Attention. The feds are labeling Black folks who are angry at systemic racism as domestic terrorists. Something that the President didn\u2019t do when addressing the tiki-torchers in Charlottesville. You know what America does when they perceive a group of people to be terrorists\u2026at least when they\u2019re Black or brown. Guess they don\u2019t see neo-Nazis and alt-right azzholes in that same light. Imagine that.", "label": 1, "id": 468}
{"text": "U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents arrested 97 people after raiding a Tennessee meat processing plant, in what civil rights activists say was the largest crackdown at a single place in almost a decade. ICE spokeswoman Tammy Spicer announced the raid in a statement on Friday and said that of the 97 people taken into custody from Southeastern Provision meat processing plant in eastern Tennessee, 11 people were arrested on criminal charges, 54 were placed in detention and 32 were released. She said they were all arrested on suspicion of being in the country illegally. The National Immigration Law Center said it believes this was the largest single-workplace raid since George W. Bush was president, the Washington Post reported. Federal immigration officials did not confirm if it was the largest. This was the latest crackdown on illegal immigrants by the Trump administration after he announced last year that ICE agents would be targeting employers that choose to hire immigrants knowing they are illegal. A total of 21 people were arrested after immigration agents raided 7-11 stores nationwide in January. The Associated Press contributed to this report.", "label": 0, "id": 396}
{"text": "Image via SAUL /Getty Images Trump has told sources that he expects to appoint three more Supreme Court Justices before the end of his first term, Axios reports. Trump has already nominated conservative judge Neil Gorsuch\u200b, who was confirmed and then sworn into office in April of 2017. Gorsuch replaced \u200bthe late Justice Antonin Scalia. Trump believes that Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy, who\u200b is 81 years old, will soon be out. Kennedy is rumored to be considering retirement. You can read the exchange with Trump, obtained by Axios, below. \"Ok,\" one source told Trump, \"so that's two. Who are the others?\" \"Ginsburg,\" Trump replied. \"What does she weigh? 60 pounds?\" \"Who's the fourth?\" the source asked. \"Sotomayor,\" Trump said, referring to the relatively recently-appointed Obama justice, whose name is rarely, if ever, mentioned in speculation about the next justice to be replaced. \"Her health,\" Trump explained. \"No good. Diabetes.\" Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is 84 years old, while Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor is just 63 years old. Sotomayor, who was appointed by President Obama, is the first Latina to serve on the Supreme Court. She was diagnosed with diabetes as a child. Ironically, Trump is the oldest person to be elected president in U.S. history. The reality television star is 71 years old. One source is quoted as saying, \"it's all about the numbers for him,\" which is not surprising because we are talking about a man who constantly bragsabout numbers, whether it be rating numbers, the size of the crowd at his inauguration or crowds for his rallies in general.", "label": 0, "id": 308}
{"text": "In Arizona, there is a special election to replace Rep. Trent Franks, who resigned earlier this year. Making special appearances to help the Democrat in that race are the kids from Parkland, Florida. These are the kids the left-wing media has promoted because of their demands for gun control, since the mass shooting in Parkland that killed 17. The left\u2019s obsession with gun control is nothing new. The left embraced the creation of the Brady Center to Prevent Handgun Violence after its creation in the 1980s. Other left-wing attempts to repeal and block the Second Amendment rights of Americans go further back. As a policy idea, gun control has been a disaster. Ignoring the fact that it is one of the preferred tools of tyrants, gun control simply does not work. Britain essentially banned firearms after the 1996 Dunblane massacre. While Britain, for more than 20 years, has had the kind of gun control American liberals can only dream of, the results have not been good. Crime in London is out of control. In gun-free London, a number of people have been shot to death in the last three months. Only a year ago, the BBC reported that gun crime had risen by 42 percent. How could that be? The left promises us that if we only ban guns, crime will go away. In the absence of guns, many criminals in the U.K. have turned to knives. And guess what? The politicians in Britain are now pushing knife control. The issue for Americans is not simply the removal of the right to bear arms. It is a fundamental intrusion on one of the most basic liberties someone may have. Freedom. Thomas Jefferson wrote in the draft of the Virginia Constitution, \u201cNo free man shall ever be debarred the use of arms.\u201d The keywords in Jefferson\u2019s draft were \u201cfree man.\u201d One of the fundamental rights that any free man or woman has is the right to self-defense. Free people can defend themselves. Slaves cannot. The left ignores the fact that when guns are used in this nation, they are overwhelmingly used for self-defense. But it is this fundamental right of self-defense that the left challenges and would see destroyed in America. In the last 20 years in America, an alarming change has taken place in schools. Before this time, if two children became involved in a fight at school, the school would try to determine who started the fight and punish that child. No longer. Now, both children (or more) are punished. It does not matter if one child was trying to defend himself against a bully. It doesn\u2019t matter if someone else started the fight, the mere act of self-defense becomes a punishable offense. The left has this obsession with people and the nation being defenseless. They want to strip away the rights of citizens to use weapons to defend themselves. They do not like the idea of something like missile defense to protect this nation against an attack. The left loves to preach to us. They tell real Americans that it is necessary to strip away our rights to make us safe. In 1783, William Pitt spoke in the House of Commons and said, \u201cNecessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.\u201d That perfectly sums up the left. Their goal is tyranny and their objective is to reduce every American to the status of a slave. \u2022 Judson Phillips is founder of the Tea Party Nation. \u00a9 Copyright (c) 2018 News World Communications, Inc. \u2014- This content is published through a licensing agreement with Acquire Media using its NewsEdge technology.", "label": 1, "id": 408}
{"text": "An unattended package near the north fence of the White House was cleared by the Secret Service and Metropolitan Police Tuesday afternoon. The White House was placed on an apparent lockdown Tuesday while President Trump was en route to Arizona for a rally in Phoenix, according to multiple reports. The Hill reported that Secret Service cleared the White House\u2019s North Lawn and sent media members and construction workers in the area into the West Wing. The Secret Service confirmed via Twitter that it and the Washington, D.C. Police Department were responding to an unattended package near the north fence of the White House complex. Trump is reportedly heading to a campaign-style rally in Phoenix late Tuesday, an event which is also expected to draw major protests. The president will also reportedly visit a Border Patrol facility in Yuma, Arizona before Tuesday\u2019s rally. Trump will examine Border Patrol equipment such as a Predator drone and an agency boat during his stop in Yuma. Immigration is a major issue for Trump\u2019s supporters, and the president campaigned extensively on the topic during last year\u2019s White House race. Trump has long vowed to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, arguing it will reduce illegal immigration and increase America\u2019s border security. The president has also pledged to take a tougher stance on drug trafficking across America\u2019s borders.", "label": 0, "id": 526}
{"text": "In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, FEMA said they would only give aid to victims if they had received (unspecified) vaccinations. In late August and early September 2017, false rumors began to spread on Facebook and Twitter that FEMA (the Federal Emergency Management Agency) was refusing to give aid to victims of Hurricane Harvey unless they had been vaccinated, and that the agency was forcing people to undergo vaccinations in order to receive aid. These rumors are entirely false, and we could not find any iteration of them which provided even a fabricated source or citation. Fema is saying that Texans will have to have a vaccine shot in order to get aid are you paying attention. Despite including absolutely no evidence whatsoever, the post was shared more than 5,0 times within a few days. A search of FEMA\u2019s press releases, Facebook account and Twitter account shows that the agency has not said any such thing. Not only that, but a FEMA spokesperson definitively rejected the rumors in a statement sent to us: There is absolutely no requirement for Hurricane Survivors to be vaccinated in order to receive assistance from FEMA. They only need to register with FEMA for assistance. They can do this online at disasterassistance.gov or call 1-800-621-3362. This is just the latest in a series of false claims surrounding FEMA, and forms part of the long-standing \u201c FEMA camps\u201d conspiracy theory, which holds that the federal government is planning to build concentration camps and impose martial law in the aftermath of a natural disaster.", "label": 0, "id": 622}
{"text": "What is a dotard? In one of the strangest war of words we\u2019ve seen here at PolitiFact, President Donald Trump and North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un traded insults recently, culminating in the use of the insult \"dotard.\" Merriam-Webster noted that searches for the word spiked. Older PolitiFact staffers informed our younger counterparts that a dotard is someone who has entered his or her dotage, and that dotage is \"a state or period of senile decay marked by decline of mental poise and alertness,\" according to Merriam-Webster. Kim Jong Un hurled the word at Trump in response to Trump\u2019s recent speech at the United Nations, saying that Trump\u2019s speech was \"unprecedented rude nonsense one has never heard from any of his predecessors. A frightened dog barks louder. I\u2019d like to advise Trump to exercise prudence in selecting words and to be considerate of whom he speaks to when making a speech in front of the world.\" Later in the statement, Kim said, \"Whatever Trump might have expected, he will face results beyond his expectation. I will surely and definitely tame the mentally deranged U.S. dotard with fire.\" Trump responded on Twitter: \"Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!\" Kim Jong Un of North Korea, who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people, will be tested like never before!\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 22, 2017 Where this war of words will lead is anyone\u2019s guess. PolitiFact recently reviewed the issues surrounding North Korea as a preview to Trump\u2019s speech at the United Nations, and we fact-checked Trump\u2019s speech as well.", "label": 0, "id": 511}
{"text": "Jerry Drake Varnell was arrested August 12 in Oklahoma City after the FBI reports he planned to detonate a bomb outside an downtown bank. (Courtesy of the Oklahoma DOC) Jerry Drake Varnell was arrested August 12 in Oklahoma City after the FBI reports he planned to detonate a bomb outside an downtown bank. (Courtesy of the Oklahoma DOC) OKLAHOMA CITY (KOKH) \u2014 An Oklahoma man has been arrested after attempting to detonate a vehicle bomb parked outside a downtown Oklahoma City bank. Jerry Drake Varnell, of Sayre, was arrested August 12 in Oklahoma City. Court documents show that at 1 a.m. 23-year-old Varnell attempted to detonate what he believed was a van loaded with explosives parked in an alley next to BancFirst, 101 N. Broadway. Court documents show that the FBI learned of Varnell's plot in December 2016 after being notified by a confidential informant of his plot to \"bomb the Federal Reserve Building in Washington D.C. in a manner similar to the Oklahoma City Bombing.\" The informant later told Varnell that they had access to anhydrous ammonia and ammonium nitrate. The two then began collecting items to develop an explosive device. In May 2017, Varnell allegedly told the informant he wanted to target BancFirst in downtown Oklahoma City instead because \"I don't wanna kill a bunch of people\". Court records show that Varnell admitted to \"holding 3 percent ideology\" during a meeting with the informant. \"Varnell expressed a desire to start the new revolution. His targets included institutions with affiliation to the U.S. Government in Washington D.C.\" FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge Raul Bujanda said. The DOJ reports that Varnell continued to advance his plans to build a device and had a statement ready to be posted to social media following the explosion. On August 11, Varnell met with an undercover FBI employee that was posing as the supplier of the anhydrous ammonia. The two then drove to a mini-storage unit in El Reno and began constructing the device. All of the items used to construct the bomb were inert and provided by the undercover employee. Varnell then allegedly drove the van with the device to an alley by BancFirst and left on foot. The undercover employee picked up Varnell and the two drove a short distance away. Court records show that Varnell used a \"burner\" cell phone to dial a number to detonate the bomb several times. He was then arrested by FBI agents. The FBI reports that that monitored Varnell closely during the months-long plot. He has been charged with attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce. Varnell was arraigned in federal court Monday afternoon. The U.S. Attorney's Office plans to seek indictment from the grand jury within 30 days. If convicted, he faces up to 30 years in prison. United States Attorney Mark Yancey and FBI Assistant Special Agent in Charge Raul Bujanda spoke to the media Monday to discuss the arrest. Major Bill Weaver with the Oklahoma City Police Department says Varnell's plan was derailed thanks to a concerned citized and a committed group of law enforcement. \"This goes to show what happens when someone that sees something says something and then law enforcement works forward to interdict that threat,\" Weaver said. BancFirst has released the following statement on the incident: BancFirst has been working cooperatively with the FBI. At no time were employees, customers or the general public ever in any danger. We believe our BancFirst downtown Oklahoma City building was a random and convenient selection by the suspect. There is no further threat or reason for concern. We take comfort and our company embraces a deep appreciation and admiration for the men and women of the FBI for their diligent and dedicated work in protecting our nation.", "label": 0, "id": 63}
{"text": "LifeZette editor-in-chief says Democrats, establishment GOP \u2018happiest\u2019 when president struggles By Kathryn Blackhurst; LifeZette: LifeZette Editor-in-Chief Laura Ingraham said that Never-Trumper Republicans and resisting liberals are \u201chappiest\u201d when President Donald Trump\u2019s approval numbers go down, even if their own numbers plummet as well. Ingraham, who was guest-hosting Tuesday on Fox News\u2019 \u201cTucker Carlson Tonight,\u201d blasted balking GOP members of Congress and Democrats for blocking and stalling the president\u2019s legislative agenda throughout his first 200 days in office. Noting that Republican senators such as Jeff Flake (Arizona), John McCain (Arizona), and Thom Tillis (North Carolina) delight in making rounds on the news talk shows to criticize Trump, Ingraham pointed out their own plunging approval numbers as the American voters wait for them to fulfill their campaign promises. \u201cDo you know what a liberal\u2019s idea of Armageddon is? No, it\u2019s not a nuclear North Korea, but a successful Trump presidency. Do you know what the Never-Trump Republicans on Capitol Hill fear the most? No, it\u2019s not ISIS and it\u2019s not a 5,0-point [drop] in the Dow, but a successful Trump presidency,\u201d Ingraham said. \u201cToday is the 200th day of this administration,\u201d she added. \u201cAnd despite the hyperventilation and alarmism we\u2019re hearing from the national press corps \u2014 they\u2019re prematurely declaring the Trump administration a failure, of course \u2014 but in fact, it\u2019s the resistance to Trump that is playing a risky gambit.\u201d No compatible source was found for this video. In this \u201cresistance,\u201d Ingraham included Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.), and \u201csupposed right\u201d senators such as Flake, McCain and Tillis. And what unites all of them is their sad and rather pathetic fear and loathing of President Trump,\u201d she said. \u201cSo they want you so saturated in this endless and mindless Russia story deal, and other irrelevant West Wing staff intrigues that\u2019s mostly fueled by leaks, that you even begin to believe their negative spin. And let\u2019s face it \u2014 these people are happiest when his numbers go down, when his legislation and his confirmations stall, even if their own approval numbers go down, too. It\u2019s like they don\u2019t even care.\u201d Pointing to recent Quinnipiac University poll measuring congressional approval ratings, Ingraham noted these politicians have plummeted even as Trump\u2019s numbers have dwindled into the 30s. \u201cAnd Trump\u2019s approval rating may only be about 37 percent according to one poll, but check this out. Tom Tillis\u2019 approval rating, North Carolina \u2014 29 percent. Nancy Pelosi\u2019s \u2014 27 percent. Chuck Schumer\u2019s is 26 percent, and [Senate Majority Leader] Mitch McConnell\u2019s is a very impressive 17 percent,\u201d Ingraham said, noting that McConnell has failed repeatedly to rally 50 of 52 GOP senators in support of various measures to repeal and replace Obamacare. \u201cNow despite two years of non-stop bile and vitriol from Washington\u2019s bipartisan elite class, Trump is actually beating all of them,\u201d she added. \u201cNow while of course it\u2019s true that key legislative successes are lacking, whether on health care, tax reform, infrastructure \u2014 but it\u2019s equally true as well that President Trump has done a lot even without Congress to make our lives better.\u201d Ingraham said that Trump does need to work on boosting his approval numbers, but she argued the president has \u201cdone a heck of a lot in just 200 days.\u201d Pointing to the successful confirmation of Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, Trump\u2019s slashing of Obama-era red-tape and regulations, the thriving stock market, consumer confidence and more, Ingraham said that Trump\u2019s presidency hasn\u2019t been the failure that the media, the Left and the Never-Trumpers are making it out to be. \u201cHis approval numbers \u2014 yeah, they need boosting, that\u2019s for sure. But considering the 24/7 media onslaught against him, the distraction of the Russia probe, and the resistance from Congress \u2014 both sides in Congress \u2014 he\u2019s done a heck of a lot in just 200 days,\u201d she said. \u201cAnd if he can keep focused and he can keep his team motivated, keep them together, and put pressure on the Hill to deliver on some of these big issues, he\u2019ll improve his numbers and he\u2019ll grow the populist movement.\u201d To read related content visit LifeZette.", "label": 1, "id": 274}
{"text": "Donald Trump was speaking at an NRA rally (Niall ) Donald Trump has defended the use of guns in America by comparing a London hospital to a \u201cwar zone\u201d because of knife crime. Speaking at a pro-gun rally, the US president claimed that knife crime in London is so bad that one unnamed hospital in the capital is \u201clike a war zone for horrible stabbing wounds\u201d with \u201cblood all over the floors\u201d. He told the National Rifle Convention (NRA) in Dallas: \u201cI recently read a story that in London, which has unbelievably tough gun laws, a once very prestigious hospital right in the middle is like a war zone for horrible stabbing wounds. All of us here today are united by the same timeless values. We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator, and that no Government can ever take it away. We believe in the rule of law - and we support the men and women of law enforcement. We have pride in our history. pic.twitter. 1Y8oju\u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 4, 2018 \u201cYes that\u2019s right, they don\u2019t have guns they have knives. And instead there\u2019s blood all over the floors of this hospital. They say it\u2019s as bad as a military war zone hospital. \u201cWe\u2019re here today because we recognise a simple fact. The one thing that has always stood between the American people and the elimination of our Second Amendment rights has been Conservatives and congress willing to fight for those rights, and we\u2019re fighting.\u201d At least 38 people in London have lost their lives to knife crime so far this year, the Met confirmed. \u201cThanks to your activism and dedication you have an administration fighting to protect your Second Amendment\u201d @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #NRA pic.twitter. \u2014 NRA (@NRA) May 4, 2018 Mr Trump also argued that the Paris terror attack could have been prevented if more people were armed. \u201cThe terrorists would have fled or been shot and it would have been a whole different story,\u201d he said. The 2015 attack left 130 dead after terrorists carried out a series of suicide bombs and mass shootings in the French capital.", "label": 0, "id": 531}
{"text": "Gutterpube Who Says \u201cF All Them Crackas\u201d Who Got Shot In Vegas, Is A Deadbeat Dad Coke Dealer Who Claims He Donated Drug Proceeds To PR Relief Want to advertise with Turtleboy? Email us at [email protected] for more information. Screen Shot 2015-12-01 at 10.29.56 AM Obviously the big story of the day is the massacre that occurred in Las Vegas last night at a Country Music concert, where at least 50 people were killed by a man from a 32nd floor hotel room at Mandalay Bay casino. Naturally this has already been politicized, with people arguing about immigration, gun control, and all things Trump. Oh and Hillary said this: The crowd fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer, which the NRA wants to make easier to get. \u2014 Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) October 2, 2017 But yea, Trump is the only one who tweets dumb things. Good thing the democrats gave us a viable alternative in 2016 that we could really get behind. Those machine gun silencers are a real killer. Anyway, we have no interest in going all political about this. Maybe Jay Dub will. Just not my cup of tea. What we do is always find the worst people on the Internet and see what they have to say about this tragedy. Today\u2019s winner is an illiterate drug dealer from Hartford named Allen Lozada, AKA AP El Titere. Here\u2019s his initial reaction to the mass shooting: He might not have finished his GED, but he basically sees the world the same exact way 99% of employees at CNN do \u2013 everything is Trump\u2019s fault. And those crackas who were peacefully watching a concert in Vegas? They deserved it. The whole thing was a big setup to draw attention away from hurricane relief in Puerto Rico. He was just getting started though: But he\u2019s one of the good guys because he admits to donating his profits from drug transactions towards disaster relief: Oh yea, he\u2019s a winner. And you\u2019ll never guess who his favorite bouncing ball team is\u2026. There\u2019s gonna be a lot of talk in the days and weeks ahead about banning whatever guns were used in Las Vegas. But I think we can all agree that what REALLY needs to be banned are flat brimmed Chicago Bulls hats and anyone who is inclined to wear them. There are plenty of responsible, law abiding gun owners out there. But there has never, ever, ever been a decent, law-abiding person who has chosen to wear that thing on their head. If you know anyone that owns that hat, disassociate with them immediately. They will only bring you down. He even rocks the Chicago Bulls winter hat when he\u2019s pouring out some Henny for the homeys in the January: Easy on the Henny Allen \u2013 it\u2019s not good for your bowels: I know when I die I want people to come to my headstone and drink copious amounts of Red Bull and Henny, the nectar of the hoodrats. He really misses his boy, who I\u2019m sure lived a noble and worthwhile life, because now that Sito isn\u2019t around, he doesn\u2019t have anyone to come scoop him up to he can \u201cturn up on these fuck n words\u201d: You can also find Allen Lozada on Deadbeatdirectory.com, with his own profile: Oh good, he\u2019s a cokehead deadbeat \u201cdad,\u201d who allegedly threatened to choke his baby until she turned blue. Shocking. Especially considering his overall philosophy on women: When he eventually gets killed by a cop and SJWs pretend like his death is an actual loss to the community, he wants you to commemorate him by burning Hartford to the ground: He\u2019s very familiar with the inside of a courthouse: He lives the good life by cashing in his SSI check for stays at the Marriott: Last year things were beginning to look up for Allen. He was trying to stay out of the police logs, and gave himself one Internet cookie for going a full month without stabbing, shooting, or running over someone with a car: He gets another Internet cookie for going four days sober: And he\u2019s going legit because the \u201cfeds out here snatching everybody\u201d: Also this: I have no idea what that means, but it sounds important. VERY important. Anyway, it is gonna be interesting to see what the killer\u2019s motivation was in Las Vegas. He shot at a country music festival. A place that more than likely was filled with people who voted for Donald Trump. Not saying that\u2019s his motive, but he could\u2019ve shot up any large group of people and he chose this one. Just sayin. Either way, Allen Lozada is a useless sack of gutterpubes, and the 50+ who died in Las Vegas are much, much bigger losses to society than he could ever be. We urge you to support the following local businesses. They provide terrific services for the community! Screen Shot 2017-02-27 at 10.14.48 AM Screen Shot 2017-03-31 at 2.17.19 PM Screen Shot 2017-03-25 at 8.48.23 PM", "label": 1, "id": 128}
{"text": "A substitute teacher in a Texas elementary school called police on a six-year-old Muslim boy with Down syndrome, fearing he was a terrorist. Mohammad Suleiman's father, Maher, felt discrimination was in play after the teacher claimed the boy kept repeating 'Allah' and 'boom' in his Pearland, Texas, classroom. 'Mohammad was born with Down Syndrome chromosome 21, the father said to F ox 26 about his son's intellectual difficulties and his inability to speak, something the school claimed he could do. 'It's not true, he doesn't speak at all.' Teacher calls police on special needs student CONNECTING. A substitute teacher at CJ Harris Elementary school in Pearland, Texas, allegedly called the police on Mohammad Suleiman, six, (pictured) and claimed he was a terrorist A substitute teacher at CJ Harris Elementary school in Pearland, Texas, allegedly called the police on Mohammad Suleiman, six, (pictured) and claimed he was a terrorist Maher can't help but be disgusted by the allegations against his son being a terrorist that the substitute teacher at CJ Harris Elementary School made. 'She claimed he was a terrorist,' added Maher. 'This is so stupid, it's discrimination. Actually, it's not implied discrimination, it's actual discrimination.' The phone call placed by the teacher prompted both the police and Child Protective Services to launch investigations into the Suleiman family. The teacher said that Mohammad kept saying 'Allah' and 'boom' but his father, Maher, asserts that the boy has down syndrome and does not speak The teacher said that Mohammad kept saying 'Allah' and 'boom' but his father, Maher, asserts that the boy has down syndrome and does not speak 'This is so stupid, it's discrimination. Actually, it's not implied discrimination, it's actual discrimination,' the father (pictured) said 'This is so stupid, it's discrimination. Actually, it's not implied discrimination, it's actual discrimination,' the father (pictured) said 'The last three to four weeks have been the hardest of my life,' said Maher. 'My wife and kids were crying a few days ago and I told them everything is fine.' The Pearland Police Department did tell FOX26 that an investigation took place but found that there was no need for police involvement. Child Protective Services is still conducting their investigation. Due to privacy laws, the Pearland Independent School District has not released any information pertinent to either the student or the personnel, according to a spokesperson. The phone call placed by the teacher prompted both the police and Child Protective Services to launch investigations into the Suleiman family The phone call placed by the teacher prompted both the police and Child Protective Services to launch investigations into the Suleiman family", "label": 0, "id": 368}
{"text": "Huma Abedin, an aide to Hillary Clinton, at a Women for Hillary event at West Los Angeles College on June 3, 2016, in Culver City, Calif. An article by the Daily Caller says Abedin forwarded some government passwords to her private Yahoo email account in 2009, when Clinton was secretary of state. Yahoo was hacked in 2013, which affected all 3 billion of its accounts. [Irfan Khan | Los Angeles Times via TNS] WASHINGTON \u2014 President Donald Trump made his first \"Crooked Hillary\" Twitter post less than 48 hours into the new year Tuesday, accusing a former Clinton aide of \"disregarding basic security protocols,\" and calling his own Justice Department a \"deep state.\" \"Crooked Hillary Clinton\u2019s top aid, Huma Abedin, has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols,\" he wrote. \"She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents. Remember sailors pictures on submarine? Jail! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act? Also on Comey &amp; others\" Attacking his former Democratic opponent from the 2016 presidential election and taking aim at his own Justice Department struck familiar tones for the new year. Almost 14 months after the 2016 presidential election, Trump has kept up a regular drumbeat of attacks on Clinton. Last year, Trump also criticized the Justice Department and Attorney General Jeff Sessions for not pursing investigations of his political opponents. Tuesday morning\u2019s Twitter post followed an article in the Daily Caller, a conservative publication that Trump closely monitors. The article said Abedin forwarded some government passwords to her private Yahoo email account in 2009, when Clinton was secretary of state. Yahoo was hacked in 2013, which affected all 3 billion of its accounts. After the breach, the data was offered for sale by a hacking collective based in Eastern Europe. Trump also implored his administration to investigate Abedin. The term \"deep state\" typically refers to a shadow government of agency officials who secretly plot to influence policy; they are usually associated with countries that have authoritarian elements that undercut democratically elected leaders. On Friday, the State Department released about 3,0 of Abedin\u2019s work-related emails. The emails were found on the laptop of Abedin\u2019s now estranged husband, Anthony Weiner, and were released as part of a public records request. The emails found on Weiner\u2019s computer are a sore spot for Clinton. James Comey, the former FBI director, had notified Congress shortly before the 2016 election about the existence of newly discovered emails that could be relevant to the closed investigation into Clinton\u2019s use of a private email server while secretary of state. Clinton, in a book released last year, said Comey\u2019s October 2016 disclosure hurt her campaign\u2019s momentum and helped Trump win the election. In his Twitter post, Trump also referred to the case of a Navy sailor who was jailed for taking pictures inside a military submarine. According to a report in Fox News, the sailor had hoped to receive a pardon from the president, but has not.", "label": 0, "id": 599}
{"text": "Ever since last week\u2019s High Court judgment threw a spanner in the works of the Government\u2019s plan to use the Royal Prerogative to trigger Article 50 there have been all sorts of rumours and suggestions as to how the Government is going to deliver Brexit. Theresa May has already said she will appeal to the Supreme Court. Brexit Secretary David Davis confirmed this in the Commons on Monday. Another suggestion is to bring forward a Bill that specifically rejects the High Court\u2019s ruling and hands the Government the power to act alone. Or there\u2019s the idea of a simple one-line Bill to trigger Article 50 itself. And those are just the more obvious ideas. There seem to be as many different theories and suggestions as there are EU members. The moment we trigger Article 50 the clock starts ticking and we know we will leave the EU 24 months later, deal or no deal. Brexit will mean Brexit Things would be so much better if, as in the joke, we didn\u2019t have to start from here. Or, to put it another way, if Mrs May had done what her predecessor had suggested should happen. Because for all his faults David Cameron got one thing bang on. Back in February, when he was setting out to MPs the details of the pathetic \u201cdeal\u201d he had negotiated with the EU, Mr Cameron made clear what he thought would and should happen if we voted for Brexit: \u201cIf the British people vote to leave there is only one way to bring that about, namely to trigger Article 50 of the treaties and begin the process of exit and the British people would rightly expect that to start straightaway.\u201d The referendum took place in June. Theresa May\u2019s plan is to trigger Article 50 by the end of March next year. Even if she sticks to that timetable that will have been a nine-month wait. By no stretch of the imagination can that be described as triggering Article 50 \u201cstraightaway\u201d. Mr Davis confirmed that Mrs May has already said she will appeal to the Supreme Court But Mr Cameron was clearly right that the British people would expect the process to have started straightaway. With hindsight it is surely now clear to everyone who isn\u2019t plotting to stop Brexit \u2013 and was clear after the referendum to many of us \u2013 that Mrs May should have done what Mr Cameron said would happen and triggered Article 50 as soon as she entered Downing Street. Indeed he might even have done so himself. Imagine how different things would now be. Instead of politics being consumed with questions of procedure and timing \u2013 almost all of which are fig leaves pushed by Remainers who don\u2019t want us to leave \u2013 and instead of the Remainers being handed ever more time to plot how they can frustrate the will of the British people, the path would have been set and the referendum result honoured. Straightaway. The moment we trigger Article 50 the clock starts ticking and we know we will leave the EU 24 months later, deal or no deal. Brexit will mean Brexit. Unless there is a unanimous decision by the rest of the EU to change that timetable nothing can alter that. So that\u2019s what should have happened. But the fact that it didn\u2019t doesn\u2019t mean there aren\u2019t important lessons for the future as to what should now happen and how we can avoid a further mess. Mrs May repeated after the High Court ruling that she still plans to trigger Article 50 by the end of March. The crucial word here is \u201cby\u201d. That doesn\u2019t necessarily mean waiting until March. It means making sure it\u2019s done by March, which could mean acting now. And there are compelling reasons why she should put a stop to the uncertainty and trigger Article 50 now. Most obviously it would destroy the Remainers\u2019 attempts to keep us in. They are playing for time. They have been doing that since the vote and will continue doing so for as long as they can. Their hope is that the longer they delay Article 50 being triggered, the more they can make a case that the referendum result is no longer valid. Make no mistake about this: they will do whatever they can to stop Article 50 coming into force. That\u2019s just one reason why appealing to the Supreme Court carries a huge risk: that the Government might lose. The Remainers who brought the case are using the language of parliamentary scrutiny because it sounds appropriate and modest. But their goal isn\u2019t scrutiny: it\u2019s destruction. They want to destroy the referendum result. And handing them any victory, especially from the Supreme Court, is unnecessary and unwise. Wed, September 14, 2016 Britain has voted to leave the EU. So who's next? We look at which European countries want to hold their own EU referendum. Frexit, Nexit or Auxit? Who will be next to leave the EU On Monday the Brexit Secretary confirmed in the Commons that the Government could introduce a one-line Bill triggering Article 50 now, bypassing any Supreme Court decision. The Remainers would then be put on the spot and their plots exposed. Voting against triggering Article 50 would reveal their real agenda of ignoring the referendum result. They would doubtless seek to amend the Bill and use every parliamentary device at their disposal. But their motives would be obvious and the wiser among them would surely realise the huge risk they were running with democracy itself. They would in reality have no choice but to accept the result of the referendum and implement Article 50 \u2013 or risk sticking two fingers up to the very idea of a sovereign people. And even the Remainers, surely, are not that wilful.", "label": 1, "id": 426}
{"text": "There's been a lot of talk this week about President Trump's mental state. Psychiatrists have weighed in calling him a \"very sick man.\" Former associates report that people close to him are \"deeply concerned about his mental health.\u201d It's been reported that he's telling people that the person on the \"Access Hollywood\" tape wasn't really him, and claiming (again) that he actually won the popular vote. But the most vivid and obvious evidence that Trump is becoming even more unbalanced even than before (which is saying something) comes from his Twitter feed, which has been a daily dumpster fire ever since word came down that Michael Flynn had apparently made a deal with Robert Mueller. Trump's Twitter is a window into his mind, and right now it isn't offering an attractive view. He's madly tweeted lies about his tax plan, applauded himself for single-handedly causing the stock market to rise, insulted the media, slandered old friends and condemned some of the famous men who have been fired for sexual harassment. Apparently he is more assured of his omnipotence than ever, since he was rewarded with the presidency while all those other guys have been brought low. He's put on quite a show and all of it has further degraded the presidency and embarrassed the nation before the world. But there was one series of tweets that stood out and it's so bad that it may have actually caused a diplomatic break with our closest ally. On Thursday morning, for some inexplicable reason, the president of the United States retweeted three videos claiming to be Muslim extremists perpetrating violence. One purported to show a group of Muslims pushing a boy off a roof, another claimed to show a Muslim destroying a statue of the Virgin Mary and a third supposedly showed a Muslim immigrant hitting a Dutch boy on crutches. The Dutch embassy clarified that the third video actually of two native-born dutch boys fighting, and did not involve Muslim immigrants at all. The tweets were from a vile British neofascist named Jayda Fransen, the deputy leader of a tiny far-right, anti-immigrant group called Britain First. You may recall that prior to the Brexit vote last year a Labour Party member of Parliament named Jo Cox was assassinated by a man who shouted the words \"Britain First\" before he killed her. According to the Daily Beast: The group had previously struggled to garner mainstream-media coverage of their video stunts, which include mosque \u201cinvasions\u201d and \u201cChristian patrols\u201d during which uniformed thugs carrying white crosses attempt to intimidate minority citizens. On Wednesday, Trump catapulted Fransen and the group\u2019s leader Paul Golding, who is also a convicted criminal, into the global conversation. Trump sent those videos out to his millions of followers; hundreds of millions more may have seen them through other social media and mainstream news by now. These anti-Muslim videos are the worst kind of hate propaganda, the kind of thing one expects to find deep in the bowels of the extremist right-wing internet. Needless to say, Fransen was delighted and thanked Trumpfor \"sharing the videos with his \"44 MILLION FOLLOWERS! GOD BLESS YOU TRUMP! GOD BLESS AMERICA!\" The reaction was swift. Prime Minister Theresa May's office rebuked the president in a statement which said that Britain First \"divides communities in their use of hateful narratives which pedal lies and stoke tensions. This causes anxieties to law-abiding people. The British people overwhelmingly reject the prejudiced rhetoric of the far right, which is the antithesis of the values that this country represents; decency, tolerance and respect. It is wrong for the President to have done this.\" Trump himself was not contrite, of course. He responded this way: . @Theresa_May, don\u2019t focus on me, focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within the United Kingdom. We are doing just fine! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2017 The British Parliament did not take this well. In speech after speech members demanded that Trump's invitation for a state visit (already controversial) be rescinded. Labor M.P. Stephen Doughty declared that by sharing those tweets, Trump had shown himself to be \"either a racist, incompetent or unthinking \u2014 or all three. I love America, it is a country and people of extraordinary generosity, courage, kindness and humanity \u2014 but this president represents none of those things.\u201d London Mayor Sadiq Khan said May should use \"any influence she and her government claim to have with the president\u201d to ask that he \u201cdelete these tweets and to apologize to the British people.\u201d None of that is going to happen, of course. Trump's state of mind at the moment is that following his racist instincts are what got him to the most powerful office on earth and following those instincts is the winning formula going forward. We are all well aware of Trump's bond with the old-fashioned American far right. David Duke is a big fan and applauded him for retweeting the videos. Trump thinks that one can be a \"very fine person\" and still carry a torch and march with Nazis shouting \"Jews will not replace us\" in American cities. His xenophobic rhetoric toward Mexicans and Muslims, and his barely concealed racism, have been obvious for years and were major selling points during his campaign. Trump has also shown an affinity for the neofascist right in Europe, perhaps under the influence of Steve Bannon, who has developed alliances with such groups for some time through his Breitbart International media venture. White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said later that Trump did not know who Jayda Fransen was before he retweeted her, and claimed he was trying to \"elevate the issue\" of extremist violence in Europe. That's not enough. He has been retweeting white supremacists and neofascists for a long time. Quite likely he doesn't know who they all are either, but he obviously likes what they have to say and he's happy to use his platform of tens of millions of followers and the prestige of the White House to spread their message far and wide. May did not rescind the invitation to the state visit. But the British don't seem to be in any hurry to set a date either. Plans for a \"working visit\" from Trump in January have been dropped, which seems wise. Our president seems to have done something that nobody else has been able to do in Britain lately: He brought left and right together -- in mutual loathing for him. Over the Thanksgiving holiday Trump made a weird, cryptic comment to Coast Guard troops, saying, \"You never know about an ally, an ally can turn, you're going to find that out.\" Maybe he was talking about himself.", "label": 1, "id": 43}
{"text": "Justin Kaneps for The New York Times Microsoft busted Kremlin-linked hackers who broadened their targets in the United States. And Facebook, YouTube and others found new influence campaigns originating from Russia and Iran.", "label": 0, "id": 360}
{"text": "Bernice Burgos, the alleged \u2018side chick\u2019 in T.I. and Tiny\u2019s marriage, hit The Breakfast Club this morning to discuss all the drama. As you know, Tiny discussed Burgos during a recent appearance on The Wendy Show, stating that Bernice stepped out of line and clearly didn\u2019t know her place (click HERE if you missed that). Well now, Burgos is playing her position and in her latest interview, claims she and Tip were never a \u2018thing\u2019 and that their interactions was only for \u201cbusiness\u201d. Video below\u2026 In the video clip above, Bernice apologizes about the entire social media fiasco between her and Tiny stating \u201cI\u2019m very disappointed in what I did.\u201d She continues\u2026 Social media sometimes will put you in a place that you have to fight with people you don\u2019t even know. On her \u2018relationship\u2019 with T.I. and being called a \u2018homewrecker\u2019, Burgos states, It was only for business\u2026 I got introduced for a movie. Check out the full interview below\u2026", "label": 0, "id": 541}
{"text": "Actor Terry Crews has taken to social media to share his experience with sexual assault in Hollywood. The 49-year-old Brooklyn Nine-Nine star told his story as more allegations about Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein were made public. Crews alleges that another 'Hollywood honcho' touched him inappropriately in 2016. In a Twitter thread tonight, he wrote: \"This whole thing with Harvey Weinstein is giving me PTSD. Why? Because this kind of thing happened to ME. My wife [and] I were at a Hollywood function last year [and] a high level Hollywood executive came over 2 me and groped my privates. \"Jumping back I said What are you doing! My wife saw everything [and] we looked at him like he was crazy. He just grinned like a jerk. \"I was going to kick his ass right then - but I thought twice about how the whole thing would appear. '240 lbs. Black man stomps out Hollywood Honcho' would be the headline the next day. \"Only I probably wouldn't have been able to read it because I WOULD HAVE BEEN IN JAIL. So we left.\" Crews added that he told everyone he knew and worked with about what happened to him. And that the executive called him the next day to apologise, but never explained his reason for the assault. He said he never took it further, as we would be \"ostracized, [which is] par for the course when the predator has power and influence. Who's going to believe you?\" Credit: PA Images \"Hollywood is not the only business where this happens, and to the casualties of this behavior- you are not alone,\" Crews added. \"Hopefully, me coming forward with my story will deter a predator and encourage someone who feels hopeless.\" It comes after a number of high-profile women in Hollywood went public with claims of inappropriate behavior by film producer Weinstein, including Gwyneth Paltrow, Angelina Jolie, Mira Sorvino, Asia Argento, and Rosanna Arquette. As we have previously noted at LADbible, figures released previously by the Ministry of Justice, showed that more than one in 10 victims of rape or attempted rape in the UK are male. A report published in 2015, titled 'Silent Suffering: Supporting The Male Survivors Of Sexual Assault', revealed that as few as 3.9% of male victims of rape and sexual assault report the crime to police. Featured Image Credit: PA Images", "label": 0, "id": 454}
{"text": "Clinton now baselessly blames election-integrity laws for loss, media parrots By Kathryn Blackhurst, LifeZette: American Spectator Senior Editor John Fund blasted the media for refusing to cover former Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton\u2019s \u201cravings\u201d claiming that \u201cvoter suppression\u201d contributed to her Election Day loss, during an interview Wednesday on \u201cThe Laura Ingraham Show.\u201d Fund, a national-affairs columnist for National Review Online, said both Democrats and the mainstream media ridiculed President Donald Trump for claiming that 3 million to 5 million people voted illegally while giving Clinton a complete pass for her claims. Pointing to the Public Interest Legal Foundation\u2019s Monday report proving that more than 5,556 illegal voters were enrolled across 138 of Virginia\u2019s counties and cities, Fund claimed that voter fraud is far more substantiated than Clinton\u2019s claims. \u201cAll they do is yell \u2018voter suppression!\u2019 But they don\u2019t have any evidence. They don\u2019t have any statistics. They don\u2019t have any of them. All they have are Hillary Clinton\u2019s ravings.\u201d \u201cThere\u2019s no evidence that voter ID laws prevent people from voting. What really defeated Hillary Clinton was that in every single swing state, including states that don\u2019t have voter ID, African-American turnout went down because African-American voters didn\u2019t particularly like Hillary Clinton,\u201d Fund said. \u201cWhat we have is the Democrats actively trying to hide the ball on any attempt to find out if there is voter fraud,\u201d Fund continued. \u201cAll they do is yell \u2018voter suppression!\u2019 But they don\u2019t have any evidence. They don\u2019t have any statistics. They don\u2019t have any of them. All they have are Hillary Clinton\u2019s ravings.\u201d No compatible source was found for this video. Fund referred to Clinton\u2019s recent interview with New York magazine in which she insisted, \u201cI would have won had I not been subjected to the unprecedented attacks by Comey and the Russians, aided and abetted by the suppression of the vote, particularly in Wisconsin. . . . Whoever comes next, this is not going to end. Republicans learned that if you suppress votes you win.\u201d Declaring this unsubstantiated claim to be utter nonsense, Fund noted that even liberal organizations such as the fact-checking site Snopes, Vox, and Slate have all \u201ccalled Hillary\u2019s assertion that she lost because of voter suppression just a fantasy.\u201d \u201cBut by the way, how much media coverage did you get?\u201d Fund said. Instead, Trump\u2019s claims of 3 million to 5 million people illegal voters have been getting all the attention. \u201cTrump should have never have said it. It discredits the cause,\u201d Fund conceded. \u201cHaving said that, the outrage against Trump was perfectly appropriate. But where\u2019s the outrage at Hillary Clinton coming up with her fantasy about voter suppression with just as little evidence? I don\u2019t know if anyone in the media \u2026 has talked about it or heard about it.\u201d Pointing once again to Virginia and its resident \u201cconsigliere of the Clinton White House,\u201d Gov. Terry McAuliffe, Fund noted that he has \u201cdesperately tried to prevent groups like the Public Interest Legal Foundation to go into voter registration rolls and try to find out who has been removed from the rolls in Virginia because\u201d they were illegally registered to vote when they obtained a driver\u2019s license. \u201cThat would be the evidence that there were non-citizens voting in our elections,\u201d Fund said. \u201cWell, McAuliffe sent out a directive to every local election official: Don\u2019t cooperate with these questions. And it turns out they now have the answers from 138 communities in Virginia. Not the whole state, just part of it, [that] 5,500 non-citizens have been removed from the voter registration rolls in the last 5 years. Over a third of them had been voting.\u201d The real issue, Fund insisted, is former President Barack Obama\u2019s reluctance to investigate or illegal voting or allow others to investigate whether the country\u2019s democratic election process had been compromised. \u201cFor eight years, state after state asked the Obama administration\u2019s Department of Homeland Security, \u2018You have a list of every legal alien in the country, people with green cards, student visas. Please send us the list. All we\u2019ll do with it is match it with out voter-registration rolls and see if some non-citizens are registering and possibly voting,'\u201d Fund said. \u201cFor eight years the Obama administration refused to turn over those lists, claiming \u2018privacy\u2019 considerations, which were bogus,\u201d Fund added. \u201cThe reason why he claimed there is no voter fraud is he\u2019s actively trying to hide it.\u201d The Trump administration has since set up, by executive order, a commission to investigate voter fraud. This article was used with permission from LifeZette.", "label": 1, "id": 263}
{"text": "Occasionally, the news suggests glimmers of Hope: CO-OPTATION SAVES THE NATION- {rhyme} Our nation\u2019s Trump-era history get reversed in this yuugely-odd mystery: - - The Donald the Dems have co-opted! Their policies Trump has adopted! The Opposition has clout to drag America out of the stupid Repug-dug ditch. Huzzah for The Donald\u2019s switch. ========= Show All Comments", "label": 0, "id": 407}
{"text": "The mainstream media is floating rumors that Trump White House Chief of Staff John Kelly was removed from Air Force One this week and may be resigning. Kelly has been assigned Trump duties the past few months. According to conversations with Steve Bannon John Kelly is not allowing President Trump to receive his news from conservative news outlets. Pajamas Media reported: Bloomberg White House correspondent Jennifer Jacobs reports on Twitter that Trump\u2019s chief of staff, General John Kelly, was originally going to be on the Air Force One flight to Las Vegas but was \u201cpulled off flight\u201d at the last moment. Gen. Kelly was originally going to be on AF1 to Vegas with Trump today but was pulled off flight, I'm told.WH not answering Qs about it. \u2014 Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) October 4, 2017 Although the White House initially refused to answer her questions about this rather akward move, Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders eventually said that there\u2019s \u201cnothing to read into here,\u201d explaining: He is basically always on the manifest. Sometimes he travels, and sometimes he doesn\u2019t. An important caveat, of course, but Huckabee\u2019s explanation did not prevent Scott Dworkin from tweeting that not one, not two, but three people have told him that this may very well be General Kelly\u2019s last week as Trump\u2019s chief of staff. I\u2019ve heard from three people from different circles on the Hill that this may be John Kelly\u2019s last week as Trump\u2019s Chief of Staff. #AMJoy 9AGHeGR9y \u2014 Scott Dworkin (@funder) October 4, 2017 Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 138}
{"text": "President Donald Trump speaks to reporters before leaving the White House in Washington, Friday, Dec. 15, 2017, for a trip to Quantico, Va., to attend the FBI National Academy graduation ceremony. (AP Balce Ceneta) QUANTICO, Va. \u2014 President Donald Trump laced into FBI leadership Friday, while proclaiming his loyalty and support for law enforcement in an address at the agency's training academy. \"It's a shame what's happened\" with the FBI, the president said as he left the White House for a speech at the FBI training academy in Quantico, Virginia. He called the agency's handling of Hillary Clinton's email investigation \"really disgraceful\" and told reporters \"we're going to rebuild the FBI.\" Shortly afterward, Trump lavished praise on graduates of a weeks-long FBI National Academy program and their families, touting their accomplishments and pledging his unwavering support. Trump told law enforcement leaders he is \"more loyal than anyone else could be\" to police. \"Anti-police sentiment is wrong and it's dangerous,\" he added. \"Anyone who kills a police officer should get the death penalty.\" Trump used the speech to promote his administration's tough-on-crime policies, delivering a stern warning to members of the international gang MS-13 that his administration will root them out and arrest them. He also celebrated his decision to make it easier for local police forces to purchase surplus military equipment, and questioned rising violence in Chicago. \"What the hell is going on in Chicago? What the hell is happening there,\" he asked. Hours before, White House Deputy press secretary Hogan Gidley told Fox News Channel that edits to former FBI Director James Comey's statement on Clinton's private email server and anti-Trump texts from a top agent are \"deeply troubling.\" \"There is extreme bias against this president with high-up members of the team there at the FBI who were investigating Hillary Clinton at the time,\" Gidley charged, as special counsel Robert Mueller pushes on with a probe of possible Trump campaign ties to Russia. Gidley says Trump maintains confidence in the FBI's rank-and-file. Edits to the Comey draft appeared to soften the gravity of the bureau's finding in its 2016 investigation of Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. \"It is very sad when you look at those documents, how they've done that is really, really disgraceful, and you have a lot of really angry people who are seeing it,\" Trump said of the document. Gidley said the disclosure of politically charged text messages sent by one of the agents on the Clinton case, Peter Strzok, were \"eye-opening.\" Strzok, who was in the room as Clinton was interviewed, was later assigned to special counsel Robert Mueller's team to investigate potential coordination between Russia and the Trump campaign. He was re-assigned after the messages were uncovered this summer. About 200 leaders in law enforcement from around the country attended the weeks-long FBI National Academy program aimed at raising law enforcement standards and cooperation. Coursework included intelligence theory, terrorism and terrorist mindsets, law, behavioral science, law enforcement communication, and forensic science.", "label": 0, "id": 76}
{"text": "Iran and Russia plan to destroy Western Europe, the US, and Canada by means of a new wave of millions of Syrian Sunnis fleeing to the West to escape the Shiite takeover of Syria. In my weekly column two months ago, I claimed that Iran is the real victor in the Syrian civil war. Using the war against ISIS as a smokescreen, it is taking over large swathes of Syrian territory, mainly in the scarcely populated middle and eastern parts of the country. In the more fertile and densely populated west of Syria, there are Iraqi, Afghan, and Iranian Shiite militias augmenting Lebanese Hezbollah fighters who were given carte blanche to do whatever Hassan Nasrallah decides to do there. Assad\u2019s strength continues to increase as ISIS and the other rebel forces lose ground. The brutality of Russian involvement and the cruelty of Shiite militias overcame the anti-Assad forces, the turning point occurs when in 2015, Turkey\u2019 s Erdogan was forced by Russia to cease his aid to the rebels and ISIS. Today, although Erdogan is an unwilling ally of Russia, Alawite Assad still sees him, justifiably, as an Islamist enemy. The Kurds of northeast Syria, treated as below third class citizens until 2011, will never agree to live under Arab mercy once again and it is reasonable to assume that should Syria remain an undivided country under Assad\u2019s rule, the Kurds will preserve relative autonomy in their region \u2013 or fight the regime for their rights. That is certainly a problem, but the main issue facing a united Syria is going to be the drastic demographic changes the country is going to face. First of all, about half of Syria\u2019s citizens \u2013 close to 10 million \u2013 are refugees, half located in Syria and the other half in Jordan, Turkey, Lebanon, other Arab countries, Europe, North and South America, Australia and even Israel. Syrian refugees who reached points outside the Arab world will in all probability stay put, benefitting from the secure and orderly lives they can now lead. On the other hand, the 3.5 million now in Jordan, Lebanon, and Turkey are awaiting the end of hostilities in order to return to their homes. Those expectations may be dashed, however, because Syrian reality is totally changed, and large parts of its cities are in ruins after six and a half years of a cruel and bloody war. Countless bombs dropped from planes and helicopters, artillery and tank barrages, mines, and explosives planted by both sides have made much of urban Syria, where most of the fighting took place, unsafe to live in. In Homs, Aleppo, Adlib, Hamat and many other cities, entire neighborhoods will have to be razed and their infrastructure rebuilt from scratch. Decades and billions of dollars are needed to rebuild the country and I, for one, do not see the world\u2019s nations standing in line to donate the necessary funds. Refugees will not agree to switch their tents in Jordan for ruined buildings lacking basic infrastructure in a desolate and destroyed Syria. The other reason the refugees will not return is their justified fear of the new lords of the land \u2013 the Shiites. Iran has been moving Shiites from Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan to Syria for a long time in a clear attempt to change the demographic makeup of the country from the Sunni majority it had before the civil war broke out in 2011. The issue could not be more clear because it is no secret that the pre-civil war Sunni majority considered the Alawite ruler\u2019s heretic idol worshippers who had no right to live in Syria, much less rule over it. The Alawites know well that the Sunnis rebelled against them twice: The first time was from 1976 to 1982, a rebellion that took the lives of 50,0 citizens. The second time, slowly drawing to an end, has cost the lives of half a million men, women, children and aged citizens of Syria. The Alawites intend to prevent a third rebellion and the best way to do that is to change the majority of the population to Shiites instead of Sunnis. They will not allow the Sunni refugees to return to their homes, leaving them eternal refugees whose lands have been taken over by the enemy. Iran, meanwhile, will populate Syria with Shiites from Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan. This ethnic cleansing is the Ayatollah\u2019s dream come true, the dream that sees a Shiite crescent drawn from Iran through Iraq and Syria to Lebanon and the Mediterranean Sea. This will cover the eastern Arab world from the north, while the war in Yemen is being fought in order to create a parallel southern crescent, entrapping Saudi Arabia and Jordan between the two. With the help of Allah, both those countries and Israel, the Small Satan, will soon fall into the hands of the Shiites, while Europe and America do nothing because who cares when Muslims fight other Muslims? The Shiite majority in Syria will play along with Lebanon\u2019s Hezbollah, their natural allies, and it is possible that some form of federation might be created between the two in order to push the Lebanese Christians out of the picture, \u201cpersuading\u201d them to flee to other countries, leaving Lebanon to its \u201crightful\u201d Shiite masters. This explains Nasrallah\u2019s eager willingness to fight on Syrian soil as well as the opposition of those against Nasrallah to his involvement there. The new demographic situation in Syria will convince the Sunni refugees that they have no place to which to return. They will try their best to be allowed to leave Jordan, Lebanon and Turkey for any country, preferably North America and Europe, willing to allow them entry. I predict a process that is the exact opposite of the one the world expects to take place when \u201cpeace\u201d breaks out in Syria: Instead of refugees returning to their birthplace, expect the mass flight of Sunni refugees from the region, and expect a heightened incidence of Islamist terror in the countries that allow them in. The reasons are obvious: 1. Former ISIS and rebel forces will infiltrate along with the refugees, because they, too, are Sunni. They are filled with fury and hatred for the Western countries who were part of the coalition that fought ISIS or stood by without aiding the rebels. Some of them will continue their Jihad on European and North American soil. Expect shootings, explosives and ramming attacks against citizens of these countries. 2. Some of the refugees will not find work and live on the economic and social fringes of society, in poverty-stricken Islamist neighborhoods which have already existed for years in many European cities, and where the local police fear to tread. Poverty and life on the fringe of society will turn some of the Muslim young people into easy prey for terrorist organization recruiters who arouse the desire for Jihad by describing the accepting host countries as decadent societies infected with permissiveness, prostitution, alcohol, drugs, materialism, and corruption. They present the countries that allowed the immigrants entry as having done so to take advantage of them as industrial slaves, garage hands, cashiers and other degrading occupations, while the privileged citizens are lawyers, accountant, businessmen, and homeowners who take advantage of the migrants in humiliating ways. It is only a matter of time until young Muslims, especially those who were taught that \u201ceveryone is equal\u201d in Western schools, enlist in terrorist organizations. 3. Countries which allow in refugees will suffer a higher crime rate as a result, including violence in public places, sexual attacks, and harassment, housebreaking, car theft, substance abuse, unreported work to avoid paying taxes and illegal construction. This will all occur at the same time these countries expend a larger part of their budgets on social services for the refugees, from child allowances to unemployment, health and old age benefits. At this point in time, the percentage of second and third generation immigrants populating the prisons in Western Europe is significantly larger than their percentage in the general population. 4. Increased economic, social and security problems in Europe and North America as a result of the rise in the number of migrants will lead to a rise in the strength of the right and the extreme right. This will, in turn, lead to more social tensions in the West. Members of Parliament whose only wish is to be re-elected will adapt their parliamentary activity \u2013 especially the laws they promote \u2013 to the expectations of the rapidly Islamizing constituencies, sacrificing their own people\u2019s interests on the altar of their political careers. Many Europeans, aware of their elected leaders\u2019 betrayal, will despair and leave those socially and economically deteriorating countries. This will increase the rate at which Europe turns into an Islamic region. And that is how the agreements Iran and Russia will soon coerce Syria into accepting are going to start a chain reaction increasing the number of refugees and pulling Europe down to a point of no return, without the world understanding what is going on. The Atlantic Ocean is not wide enough to protect North America from this debacle crossing the sea. This is how the Iranian Ayatollahs intend to destroy the heretic, permissive, drunk and materialistic West. More of the unfortunate Syrian millions will find themselves exiled to the heretic countries hated by the Ayatollahs, and Iran will operate from Syrian soil to vanquish Europe and America. Reprinted with author\u2019s permission from Israel National News", "label": 1, "id": 530}
{"text": "President Trump responded to the Senate Republican's inability to pass a skinny version of Obamacare's repeal the only way he knows how: Twitter. Senate Republicans weren't able to muster enough votes to pass their skinny repeal of Obamacare. Senators voted 49-51 shortly before 2:00 a.m. Friday morning. Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) cast a surprise \"no\" vote. He was joined by GOP Sens. Lisa Murkowski (Alaska), Susan Collins (Maine). The bill, titled the Health Care Freedom Act, would have repealed the individual insurance mandate. It would also have repealed the employer mandate for eight years. GOP leaders and Vice President Mike Pence huddled with McCain, Murkowski and Collins before the vote, which was stalled for nearly an hour. A few minutes before the vote, McCain crossed the chamber to huddle with Democrats. McCain's \"no\" vote came as a shock to many. Democrats applauded the move on Twitter. The vote is a devastating blow for Republicans who have fought for months to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act and will likely have to start the process all over again. \"This is clearly a disappointing moment,\" Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said shortly after the final vote tally was called. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer admitted that the current health care law is not perfect and called for Republicans and Democrats to work together to fix the problems with Obamacare. Other memorable moments from the health care debate: Now the Senate will move on to the defense budget.", "label": 0, "id": 517}
{"text": "Well, this is odd. Former President Obama has chosen not to host hard-copy versions of his manuscripts and letters in his presidential library. Is the former Commander-in-Chief hiding something? The move has \u201chistorians scratching their heads.\u201d Fox News report: The Obama Foundation is taking an unconventional approach to the presidential center and library being planned in Chicago. It\u2019s opting to host a digital archive of President Barack Obama\u2019s records, but not keep his hard-copy manuscripts and letters and other documents onsite. That means no thumbing through the ex-president\u2019s correspondence on the health care fight or first drafts of his State of the Union addresses. The decision has historians scratching their heads. \u201cAll archivists are waiting to see how this will work, because we are all struggling with how to make things available digitally,\u201d Peggy Glowacki, a manuscripts librarian at the Richard J. Daley Library at the University of Illinois at Chicago, told the Chicago Tribune. An interesting piece of information to note is evidence surrounding Susan Rice\u2019s role in the \u2018unmasking\u2019 probe have been moved to the future library. The documents were moved to the Obama Library and under the Presidential Records Act, Presidential records remain closed to the public for five years after an administration has left office. President of Judicial Watch, Tom Fitton said Wednesday on Fox &amp; Friends that President Trump can obtain these records from the Obama Presidential Library because they are federal records. Fox &amp; Friends host Steve Doocy said that the President himself could obtain the records if he were to ask for them. Tom Fitton: \u201cYes, they are still federal records. They are under the control of the national archives and he can get \u2019em. If he needs them, then the President can conduct his official duties he can get them, Subpoenas issued by Congress can get them. Special Counsel Mueller, if he decides to actually investigate real crimes like the unmasking, the illicit surveillance, the leaking\u2013he could get them if he issued subpoenas. There are options to get these records and they need to be taken because there could be elements of the records in the other agencies, but these are key White House records about what the White House was up to and that to me is as important as anything else.\u201d Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 165}
{"text": "President Donald Trump on Tuesday began dismantling the government program protecting hundreds of thousands of young immigrants who were brought into the country illegally as children. Attorney General Jeff Sessions declared the Obama administration\u2019s program \u201can unconstitutional exercise of authority\u201d that must be revoked. New applications will be halted for President Barack Obama\u2019s Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, or DACA, program, which has provided nearly 800,0 young immigrants a reprieve from deportation and the ability to work legally in the U.S. in the form of two-year, renewable work permits. \u201cI\u2019m here today to announce that the program known as DACA that was effectuated under the Obama administration is being rescinded,\u201d Sessions announced. Cummins Inc., the Columbus-based global diesel engine maker and power company, issued a statement after the DACA announcement. Here\u2019s the statement by Chairman and CEO Tom Linebarger: \u201cThe decision by the Trump Administration to rescind DACA is discriminatory, harmful and sets our country back. These young people deserve every opportunity to continue living, working, and thriving in the United States \u2013 for nearly all of them the U.S. is the only country they have ever known. This is their home. Dreamers are our colleagues, our friends and our neighbors. They strengthen our country through daily contributions to our companies, our universities and our communities. We have a moral obligation to help these young people, protect them from living in fear, and to prevent families from being torn apart. Cummins stands in full support of Dreamers and we ask Congress to take immediate action to pass the Dream Act or find a permanent legislative solution to support these young people before anyone is affected by this decision. We hope that Americans speak out and make it clear to Congress and the President that we stand with the Dreamers.\u201d Dreamers are our colleagues, friends &amp; neighbors. We are deeply disappointed with today's decision to rescind #DACA. pic.twitter. \u2014 Cummins Inc. (@Cummins) September 5, 2017 Cummins is proud to stand #withDreamers who make our company and our communities stronger. #DefendDACA \u2014 Cummins Inc. (@Cummins) September 2, 2017 Cummins currently employs approximately 55,400 people worldwide and serves customers in approximately 190 countries and territories through a network of approximately 600 company-owned and independent distributor locations and approximately 7,400 dealer locations. Cummins earned $1.39 billion on sales of $17.5 billion in 2016. Groups planning rally in Columbus Some Columbus area churches and organizations are planning a Rally in Support of Dreamers at 6:30 p.m. today at Columbus City Hall, 123 Washington St. The rally is being organized to support immigrant children threatened with deportation, said The Rev. Felipe Martinez, First Presbyterian Church. In an announcement about the rally, organizers said President Donald Trump is planning to rescind the executive order known as the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). DACA protects from deportation young undocumented immigrants (known as Dreamers) who were brought to the United States as children by their parents, the announcement states. Those who attend the rally will be asked to write to their senators and congressman asking them to pass legislation which would place DACA protections into law. Participants are asked to show their support by bringing American flags and signs expressing love and solidarity. Collaborating partners include First Presbyterian Church, Bartholomew County Indivisible, Unitarian Universalist Congregation of Columbus, SuCasa and Islamic Society of Columbus. From Vice President Mike Pence, a Columbus native: From @POTUS: In best interests of country &amp; keeping w/ office of POTUS obligations @DHSgov will begin orderly transition &amp; wind-down of DACA pic.twitter. \u2014 Vice President Pence (@VP) September 5, 2017 From @POTUS' statement: President Obama made an end-run around Congress and violating the core tenets that sustain our Republic. \u2014 Vice President Pence (@VP) September 5, 2017 . @POTUS said, \"Only by the reliable enforcement of immigration law can we produce safe communities, a robust middle class &amp; econ. fairness.\" \u2014 Vice President Pence (@VP) September 5, 2017 . @POTUS: We'll resolve DACA &amp; compassion thru lawful Dem process while ensuring immigration reform provides benefits for US citizens \u2014 Vice President Pence (@VP) September 5, 2017 Indiana University has also issued a statement. \"Indiana University is deeply disappointed in the Trump Administration's decision to end the #DACA program.\" 1aukEMp9 \u2014 Indiana University (@IndianaUniv) September 5, 2017 AP story: Trump rescinding DACA program protecting young immigrants", "label": 0, "id": 641}
{"text": "A Connecticut woman bought a desk from Staples, but after a few years grew tired of it. She decided to sell it to Noah Muroff and his wife for about $150 on Craigslist. There was nothing peculiar about the transaction at all. Muroff and his wife had difficulty fitting the desk into the room. They decided to take it apart to fit it in. After Noah removed the filing cabinets, he noticed a plastic bag poking out. First, he saw a $100 bill. Then he saw that inside there were stacks of them. He and his wife counted the money. There was a whopping $98,0. \u201cIf we didn\u2019t take those drawers out, we never would have found it,\u201d Muroff said. But he knew immediately that he couldn\u2019t keep the money. He called the woman he bought it from. It turned out she hid her inheritance in the desk and couldn\u2019t remember where she put it. When Muroff called her, she was speechless. \u201cShe was so shocked and touched that anyone would call,\u201d he said. \u201cShe said, \u2018You could have kept the money and nobody would have ever known.'\u201d Muroff, who is a rabbi, and his wife believe honesty is the most important thing. \u201cWe both agreed that this is not our money,\u201d he said. \u201cIf God wants us to have $98,0, he\u2019ll make sure to give it to us in some other way.\u201d The woman was so grateful, she summed up how she felt in a thank-you card. \u201cI do not think there are too many people in this world that would have done what you did by calling me. I do like to believe that there are still good people left in this crazy world we live in. You certainly are one of them,\u201d the woman wrote. \u201cI cannot thank you enough for your honesty and integrity.\u201d Please SHARE this story if you\u2019re glad Noah Muroff did the right thing for the woman! Due to restrictions, this video cannot be viewed in your region.", "label": 0, "id": 436}
{"text": "An online fundraiser for the family of Heather Heyer, who was killed in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday when a car plowed through a group of counterprotesters, has raised nearly $225,0 -- exceeding by more than four times its original goal. Donations continue to pour into the GoFundMe account. TRENDING NOW: \u201cHeather Heyer was murdered while protesting against hate,\u201d the GoFundMe account creator, Felicia Venita Correa, wrote in the account\u2019s page description. \u201cWe are raising money to give to her family for anything that they may need. The family is aware of this and is in complete charge of when and where the funds will be released. She is a Greene County native and graduated from William Monroe High School. Her mother (whom I will not name until she is ready) said \u201cShe died doing what was right. My heart is broken, but I am forever proud of her. She will truly be missed.\u201d The banner image on Heyer\u2019s Facebook page spoke of civic engagement: President Donald Trump addressed Heyer\u2019s death via Twitter without naming her, writing: \u201cCondolences to the family of the young woman killed today, and best regards to all of those injured, in Charlottesville, Virginia. So sad!\u201d First person piece: \u2018 This is not my Charlottesville\u2019 Authorities arrested James Alex Fields, 20, of Ohio, and charged him with second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of failing to stop at an accident that resulted in a death. The Associated Press reported three other arrests stemming from Saturday\u2019s chaos in Charlottesville, where people protesting the removal of a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee clashed with counterprotesters. Troy Dunigan, 21, of Chattanooga, Tennessee, was charged with disorderly conduct; Jacob L. Smith, 21, of Louisa, Virginia, was charged with assault and battery; and James M. O\u2019Brien, 44, of Gainesville, Florida, was charged with carrying a concealed handgun. JUST IN: Booking photo of James Alex Fields, Jr. @NBC29 pic.twitter.com/9nxtsvqNmt \u2014 Henry Graff (@HenryGraff) August 13, 2017 In a statement on Saturday, Trump blamed \u201cmany sides\u201d for inciting the violence -- an equivocation that\u2019s drawn criticism from across the political spectrum. Here are comments from Charlottesville Mayor Mike Signer, U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, who was once Trump\u2019s rival for the presidential nomination, and former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder: @realDonaldTrump, thanks, at long last, for condemning hate in speech and action. Our work here is just beginning. Yours is too. \u2014 Mike Signer (@MikeSigner) August 12, 2017 Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists \u2014 Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) August 12, 2017 If ISIS rammed a car into a crowd this would be labeled quickly &amp; logically. Charlottesville - call it what it is, domestic terrorism. \u2014 Eric Holder (@EricHolder) August 13, 2017 \u201cWe agreed that the hate and the division must stop, and must stop right now,\u201d Trump said during remarks issued from his New Jersey resort. \u201cWe have to come together as Americans with love for our nation and true affection for each other,\u201d he said. \u201cWe condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides. It\u2019s been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump. Not Barack Obama. It\u2019s been going on for a long, long time.\u201d He also called for a swift return of law and order. Here are some excerpts from the statement, posted on Trump\u2019s Twitter feed: We must remember this truth: No matter our color, creed, religion or political party, we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST. pic.twitter. \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017 What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives. #Charlottesville pic.twitter. 22fgnu6L \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 12, 2017 Scott Images \u00a9 2018 Cox Media Group.", "label": 0, "id": 493}
{"text": "Thursday's New York Times features accounts by two women who say Donald Trump made unwanted sexual advances. The Trump campaign called the article \"fiction,\" and his lawyer demanded the paper retract its story and issue an apology. Michael Barbaro, New York Times' national political reporter and host of the Run-Up podcast, and reporter Megan Twohey join \"CBS This Morning\" to discuss their article.", "label": 0, "id": 326}
{"text": "The Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee Chuck Grassley (R-IA) is asking the FBI questions in what he describes as an \u201calarming\u201d development about the debunked Trump dossier. Senator Chuck Grassley sent a letter to FBI Director Christopher Wray last week asking if there is a possibility that the contents of the dossier were \u201csurreptitiously funneled\u201d from foreign intelligence agencies to U.S. intelligence agencies essentially creating \u201can echo\u201d of reporting information from the dossier. Grassley pointed out that Christopher Steele, the British spy who compiled the garbage dossier acknowledged in a London court that he indeed shared the 35-page document with British intelligence agencies. Per the Daily Caller: \u201cIt is possible that this political dossier\u2019s collusion allegations\u2026may have also been surreptitiously funneled into U.S. intelligence streams through foreign intelligence sharing,\u201d Grassley wrote in his letter to Wray. \u201cIf so, that foreign information would likely have ended up within the FBI\u2019s investigation of allegations of collusion between Trump associates and Russia.\u201d According to some reports, foreign intelligence agencies have shared information with U.S. investigators that matches some of the allegations about collusion laid out in the dossier. But Trump and members of his campaign named in the dossier have denied the allegations. Grassley also said, \u201cit may not have been clear to the FBI that the foreign reporting was actually based on the work of Mr. Steele and Fusion GPS. If this in fact happened, it would be alarming.\u201d As previously reported, a third deadline passed for the FBI and Justice Department to hand over subpoenaed documents to the House Intelligence Committee relating to the debunked Russian dossier on September 22nd. The big question is, did the FBI actually use this garbage dossier to obtain a FISA warrant like reports suggest? The Obama FBI used a secret court order to wiretap Manafort. We the people deserve to know if the debunked dossier was used to obtain this FISA warrant in order to spy on Trump\u2019s camp. What we do know is that Comey cited this dossier in some of his briefings: FBI Director James Comey has cited the dossier in some of his briefings with lawmakers in recent weeks as one of the information sources used by his bureau to bolster its probe, U.S. officials briefed on the investigation told CNN. We also know that Fusion GPS, the company that commissioned the dossier is a Democrat oppo research firm. Via Paul Sperry of the New York Post: A secretive Washington firm that commissioned the dubious intelligence dossier on Donald Trump is stonewalling congressional investigators trying to learn more about its connections to the Democratic Party. Fusion GPS was on the payroll of an unidentified Democratic ally of Clinton when it hired a long-retired British spy to dig up dirt on Trump. In 2012, Democrats hired Fusion GPS to uncover dirt on GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney. And in 2015, Democrat ally Planned Parenthood retained Fusion GPS to investigate pro-life activists protesting the abortion group. One of the most outrageous unconfirmed allegations in the report claims the Russians recorded Trump watching Russian prostitutes urinate on each other in a Moscow hotel room previously occupied by President and Mrs. Barack Obama. And the liberal media and Secret Service and John McCain believed this nonsense? Now we learn Rep. Nunes has issued subpoenas to the firm behind the discredit dossier. Zerohedge reports: CNN reports that Nunes earlier this month issued subpoenas to the founders of Fusion GPS, the Washington opposition research firm that originally helped procure the dossier, demanding that they participate in public hearings before the House Intelligence Committee, and turn over all pertinent documents. Earlier this year, Nunes announced that he was stepping aside from directing the committee\u2019s Russia inquiry when he became the subject of an ethics investigation into his handling of classified information after he informed the White House about the possibility that members of the Trump campaign were legally surveilled during the race before informing his own committee. [\u2026] Nunes\u2019 Democratic colleagues have repeatedly accused Nunes of deliberately trying to undermine the FBI\u2019s investigation by forcing the agency to reveal sensitive details about the dossier that the intelligence community previously decided to withhold from the January report on the intelligence community\u2019s finding that Russia had interfered with the election. Here is more background on the now-discredited Trump Dossier. With just ten days to go before he was sworn in as America\u2019s forty-fifth president, the political establishment went nuclear on President-elect Donald Trump with a double-barreled blast of \u201cleaked\u201d \u201cintelligence\u201d reports by CNN and BuzzFeed. The documents contained explosive, but unverified, opposition research that alleged intel ties between Russia and Trump and also claims Russia holds sexual blackmail material over Trump. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 194}
{"text": "Stephen Paddock has been identified as the sole suspect in the Las Vegas concert shooting that took place on Sunday night. Police say that Paddock opened fire from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Resort &amp; Casino, killing 58 people and injuring hundreds more. Police found \u201c more than 10 rifles\u201d in Paddock\u2019s hotel room. The 64-year-old Mesquite, Nevada, resident is deceased, according to police. It has been reported that he committed suicide. Just about 12 hours following the attack, the Associated Press reported that ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack, adding that Paddock converted to Islam \u201cmonths ago.\u201d BREAKING: Without providing evidence, Islamic State claims Las Vegas attack, says shooter converted to Islam months ago. \u2014 The Associated Press (@AP) October 2, 2017 \u201cThe Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the mass shooting in Las Vegas, saying that the perpetrator was \u2018a soldier\u2019 who had converted to Islam months ago, without providing any evidence to support the claim\u2026 It did not name the suspected shooter\u2026but said he had \u2018executed the operation in response to calls to target countries of the coalition\u2019 batting the extremist group in Iraq and Syria,\u201d reports the Associated Press. ISIS has not released any kind of video to support their claims. Many people are skeptical about Paddock\u2019s involvement with the group and officials have yet to confirm or deny any ties between ISIS and Paddock. Paddock\u2019s brother, Eric, spoke to the Daily Mail about the shooting. He told the outlet that his brother didn\u2019t have any political or religious affiliation. Eric also clearly stated his opinion on the shooting, saying it was \u201cnot a terror arrack.\u201d \u201cHe was just a guy. Something happened, he snapped or something. We know absolutely nothing, this is just, we are dumbfounded,\u201d Eric Paddock explained. \u201cHe has no political affiliation, no religious affiliation, as far as we know. This wasn\u2019t a terror attack\u2026He\u2019s my brother, we don\u2019t have a very close relationship but we talk occasionally. There\u2019s no rhyme or reason here, it makes no sense,\u201d Eric added. The FBI is not currently investigating any ties between ISIS and Paddock.", "label": 0, "id": 202}
{"text": "Notre Dame Students Walk Out During Mike Pence's Commencement Speech More Dozens of students walked out of Vice President Mike Pence\u2019s commencement speech at the University of Notre Dame on Sunday. One student sported a rainbow cape, while a number of others who walked out in protest bore rainbow flags on their graduation caps. Pence, a former governor of Indiana, has a history of hostility toward the LGBTQ community. In his remarks at the Indiana university, the vice president criticized what he called campus \u201csafe spaces\u201d and urged students not to suppress free speech. \u201cWhile this institution has maintained an atmosphere of civility and open debate, far too many campuses across America have become characterized by speech codes, safe spaces, tone policing, administration-sanctioned political correctness \u2015 all of which amounts to the suppression of free speech,\u201d he said. \u201cThese practices are destructive of learning and the pursuit of knowledge.\u201d Pence is not the only political speaker who\u2019s received a mixed welcome at the university. In 2009, then-President Barack Obama faced protests over his support for abortion rights, with some graduates choosing to skip the ceremony altogether.", "label": 0, "id": 546}
{"text": "Put on your tin foil hats, kids \u2014 we\u2019ve got a conspiracy theory for you. Is the White House trying to pull a fast one on us by using a Melania Trump stunt double? See the \u2018proof\u2019 on Twitter that has voters convinced our FLOTUS is a fraud! There\u2019s a lot to dissect here, but first things first: why would the White House need to deploy a Melania Trump stunt double? Nobody really knows the answer to that question, but it doesn\u2019t have anyone less convinced that President Donald Trump had a Melania decoy by his side during a press conference on the White House lawn on October 13. The masterful conspiracy theory was posited by intrepid internet explorer Andrea Wagner Barber, who posted a video of the presser on Facebook. Andrea pointed out that Melania didn\u2019t look exactly like herself, and thousands on Twitter agreed. Watch the video below, and scroll through this gallery of Melania Pics to see if you can spot the difference! To the casual viewer half-paying attention to another POTUS and FLOTUS appearance, there\u2019s really nothing amiss about Melania. It\u2019s when you look closer that you see some subtle differences. \u201cMelania\u201d \u2014 if that\u2019s her real name \u2014 is wearing massive sunglasses that cover half her face. Chic, or suspicious? Her lips appear to be much bigger and differently shaped. As some have pointed out, her hair is a little frizzy and dry, far from the pristine condition she usually keeps it in. Could it be a wig? Pay attention to the president, too. He says, \u201cMy wife, Melania, who happens to be right here\u2026\u201d Why would he need to point that out? Is he letting the world know that this isn\u2019t Melania, and the real one\u2019s chilling in Air Force One? Thinking about it, this isn\u2019t the first time that he\u2019s seemingly been confused about Melania\u2019s whereabouts while they happen to be in the same room. During their trip to Texas to visit the victims of Hurricane Harvey, he said, \u201cMelania wanted to be here today\u201d during a press conference. Melania was standing directly beside him in her FLOTUS hat. Did Melania stay home and send out a decoy in her disaster heels? Of course, the most logical answer here is that Melania was simply having a bad hair day, wore a little too much lipliner, and on impulse bought a pair of sunglasses that her friends haven\u2019t told her don\u2019t work yet. Or\u2026the conspiracy theorists have a valid point. Political decoys have been used throughout modern history to protect high-powered individuals from harm, or to attend to duties they cannot fulfill themselves. However, the technique\u2019s been used very sparingly, and most likely wouldn\u2019t work for someone like Melania. Let these voters tell you why they\u2019re absolutely convinced we\u2019ve got a bodysnatcher in the White House: HollywoodLifers, do you think the White House is using a Melania Trump stunt double? Let us know!", "label": 1, "id": 238}
{"text": "JOHNSTON, Iowa \u2014 An Iowa woman faces multiple charges after police said she left her four children home alone while taking a trip to Europe. Erin Lee Macke, 30, of Johnston, is charged with four counts of child endangerment \u2013 substantial risk, and one count of transfer of pistol or revolver to a person under 21. Johnston police Lt. Tyler Tompkins told KCCI that Macke left her children ages 12, 12, 7 and 6 alone at home Sept. 20 while she traveled to Germany. Tompkins said the children were left alone for 24 hours before the police department and Iowa Department of Human Services received a tip and visited the children. The children told police, \u201cMom left them and left the country,\u201d police said. Tompkins told KCCI that police contacted Macke Sept. 21 and that Macke told officers she planned to be in Germany until Oct. 1. \"All of her sitter options fell through, and she left the kids in the care of the two 12-year-olds,\" Tompkins said. He admitted that the case is well out of the ordinary. \u201cI\u2019ve never heard of anything like this before,\u201d Tompkins said. \u201cWe have situations where parents go next door or parents may go out for the night, and while that\u2019s not advisable either depending on the age of the children, obviously leaving the country is a totally different situation. This, where a parent has left the country and left the kids home alone, I\u2019ve never heard of it before.\u201d Authorities said they convinced Macke to return to the United States before Oct. 1. She arrived Wednesday evening and was arrested Thursday morning. Police said the 12-year-old children are staying with family and the seven- and six-year-old children are with their father. Macke is charged with one count of transfer of pistol or revolver to a person under 21 because there was a firearm within reach of the children in the home, according to police.", "label": 0, "id": 382}
{"text": "The Destruction of History (Image by YouTube, Channel: Lauren Southern) Permission Details DMCA As I predicted, the erasing of American history will not be limited to Confederate monuments. Last week a member of the board of trustees of the Dallas, Texas, school district recommended changing the name of James Madison High School. James Madison was the father of the US Constitution, considered by Identity Politics, the political ideology of the Democratic Party and the American /left, to be a \"racist document.\" From a British reader comes the news that the various segments of Western society divided into victim groups by Identity Politics have divided very finely and have turned on one another. On September 13, the Trans-Exclusionary Radical Feminists (TERFs) and their bitter enemies, Trans Activists, clashed in a fist fight in London's Hyde Park. 60-year-old Maria MacLachlan, who describes herself as a \"gender critical feminist,\" was knocked to the ground. The presstitutes at the New York Times even use the crossword puzzle to spread their lies and disinformation. This morning one of the clues was \"like the peninsula seized by Russia in 2014.\" The NYT is referring to Crimea, for 300 years a Russian province with a Russian population that voted by a 97% majority to rejoin Russia when the US overthrew the Ukrainian government in a coup. The NYT presstitutes treat this exercise in democracy as \"Russian aggression.\" As the \"newspaper of record,\" clearly the record is falsified. My northern acquaintances believe that the South, by definition, is racist even though the cities that were the heart of the Confederacy are ruled by black mayors. The mayor of Richmond, Virginia, the capital of the Confederacy, Levar Stoney, is black. The mayor of Atlanta, Kasim Reed, is black. The Mayor of Columbia, South Carolina, Stephen Benjamin, is black. Because of Identity Politics, these black mayors cannot prevent southern history from being cast down the Memory Hole. Any black mayor who stood up for historical truth would be branded an \"Uncle Tom.\" There is no greater absurdity than moving history off its factual basis and substituting a fictional basis as dictated by Identity Politics. In the United States -- indeed, in the entirely of the Western world -- history has become a construction that serves not the truth but special interests. This is the reason that the Western World is doomed. Peoples whose history is destroyed are defenceless. They have no idea who they are. How To Easily Kill 98% Of Mold In Your Home", "label": 1, "id": 92}
{"text": "Getty Images Hillary Clinton\u2019s niece is turning her back on her \u201cselfish\u201d aunt \u2014 to endorse Donald Trump for president. \u201cI support Donald Trump 100 percent,\u201d Macy Smit, the daughter of Bill Clinton\u2019s half-brother Roger Clinton, declared to RadarOnline. \u201cI have been a Democrat my entire life, but Trump is what we need right now \u2014 somebody who is going to stand up for us. I think at this point Hillary just wants it for the history books \u2014 to be the first woman president for selfish reasons,\u201d the Tampa hairstylist continued. Smit, 25, admitted she\u2019s never met Hillary Clinton, and said that side of the family doesn\u2019t think much of her. \u201cSomething tells me the Clinton side looks at me and my mother as not good enough, but we\u2019re hard-working,\u201d Smit told the gossip site. Roger Clinton was a deadbeat dad who dumped Smit\u2019s mom, Martha Spivey, shortly after she became pregnant with his child, according to RadarOnline. \u201cThe Clintons are all talk!\u201d Spivey, 50, told the site. \u201cHillary says she\u2019s all about family, but she\u2019s got a niece she\u2019s never met and never acknowledged. The Clintons have never helped us out.\u201d Hillary\u2019s lost the trust of even more voters with her inconsistencies:", "label": 1, "id": 52}
{"text": "CNN's Don Lemon discusses a potential \"whitelash\" created by President Trump with network contributor Van Jones and his panel. From Friday's broadcast of CNN Tonight: DON LEMON, CNN: So we're back now with my panel. I want to bring them back in. Scott Jennings, Van Jones and David Swerdlick. Scott, I read those numbers differently than you read them. Because it shows that -- I think that most people think that the players have the right to do it. They have the right, that they're doing the right thing or that they had the right to do it, not that they're doing the right thing. But I think that I read that differently, that poll differently than you did. Van, I'm not sure if that is what you wanted to comment on. VAN JONES, CNN: Well, what I want to say is what's surprising -- it's not surprising that the majority of Americans look down on this protest. If you look at the 1960s, 1963, 67, 70 percent of white Americans said, hey, stop this black protesting. This freedom rights, you're hurting your cause, the sit-in movement, you're hurting your cause. Cut it out, it's bad. Huge numbers of people in the '60s with Dr. King said stop these black protests. When you look at these numbers, these are some of the most popular black protests in American history. If you look at contextually, what they're doing are some of the most popular protests in American history with white folks, because in general the white public has not liked to see black folks protesting. So I see it differently. LEMON: I see it differently because everyone, listen, when taking a knee, that is in reverence. But even the player I had on Michael Thomas of the Miami Dolphins said to me the other night, he said, everybody would like to stand. I think most people would like to stand. What the issue is that -- in that poll, 60 percent of Americans think that President Trump did the wrong thing by criticizing the athletes. This doesn't necessarily that they agree with what they did, but they think he should not have inserted himself. If you ask someone should you stand up for the flag? Of course they say you should stand up for the flag. But did he do the right thing in calling them sons of bitches and saying they should be fired, the majority of people saying, no, he shouldn't have done that. Van, I was talking to you, because I interrupted you. JONES: I mean Donald Trump never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity. Here's an issue where his concern is this line with public opinion, but the way he deals with it is actually, you know, puts him in a super minority in terms of people who are able to somehow bring himself to support his language and demeanor. I want to say this as clearly as I can say it. In this country, African- Americans, no matter what we do -- when we sit in, when we freedom ride, when we kneel in, whatever it is, the initial response from the public tends to be overwhelmingly negative, because basically we're kind of raining on folks' parades, I don't want to hear this stuff. As time goes on, the Muhammad Ali's and all the people that raised those issues, they then become heroes later. They're never heroes in the moment. They're heroes later on when people reflect on the courage they showed and the issues that they raised. And that is really where we are. Colin Kaepernick, as the years go on, will be a more and more revered figure and frankly, Donald Trump is in danger of being a more and more reviled figure as the years go on. LEMON: Another message, David, from the President seems to be that he gets to define what patriotism is and who is patriotic. SWERDLICK: That is right, Don. And I think he is made the mistake here kind of along the lines of what Van is saying by casting his view in the way that he did. There was a point just a week ago where the owners and management in the NFL were a lot closer to the position of the President by castigating the players in this way, he has driven the owners closer to the players because they -- I think been able to see that, ok, now when you have the players versus the President of the United States, you can see more clearly what the players are trying to do. The players have said Colin Kaepernick has said, his former teammate Eric Reed said in \"The New York Times\" this week that they chose kneeling specifically, because they wanted to do a protest in the most respectful way possible. They didn't stay in the locker room. They didn't turn their backs on the flag. They came out for the anthem, but knelt to underscore what is the underlying issue here, which is police violence and the tension between communities of color and police. But, no, no, go ahead. LEMON: Not to rush you guys along but I want to get to two things. Why do we play the national anthem at a ball game anyway? Why is that such a big deal? JENNINGS: We play it at a lot of events. I view it as one of the rituals that we all go through together that reminds us that we're all in this together. We're all Americans and we're all in this experience together. But there's an important set of rituals we go through that sort of give us that every now and then reminder that, hey, we're all Americans and what does it mean to be an American? It means we're all in this country together and we're all fighting for the same thing, the same freedom, and the same liberty. I think when people see what they perceive as disrespect of those rituals, they have a visceral reaction. Trump has a visceral reaction, a lot of his supporters do. According to a CNN poll 90 percent of his supporters had the same reaction that he did. There's a population that don't like to see people disrespecting the rituals that reminds us, hey, we're all in this together. LEMON: That is been my whole point. Is that this President has had the chance to elevate and educate people to realize that just by draping yourself in the flag is not necessarily patriotism. That is just a ritual and rituals can be hollow. Van, when you step back and think about all the President has said about the NFL players, and I know that -- is this a white lash against the players and the supporters that is what's resulted here? JONES: If you take a big step back, there's something happening throughout the west that this politics of resentment, this politics of kind of finding these dog whistle issues is becoming a playbook for a certain set of politicians. You saw that happening in Germany, very far right people who made it to parliament in Germany. Playing us against each other. And I think the President of the United States is all too often guilty of those same kinds of tactics. I think that we have forgotten -- we've got of lost the plot here. Those NFL players, the African-American ones, they say well, they're rich. They should just be grateful. They shouldn't complain. Rich celebrities shouldn't complain. Donald Trump is a rich celebrity -- LEMON: All the time. JONES: -- and he is been complaining all the time. Apparently it's ok to be a rich celebrity and complain. Ask the President. That is how he got where he is. They say they shouldn't raise these issues, a lot of these guys are two or three years out of the hood. Their families still live there. They're getting text messages from cousins. They go home to thanksgiving to neighborhoods where if it was mine or yours or Donald Trump's neighborhood, they would be screaming and yelling something is going terribly wrong. The street violence and the police violence. Too much violence, too many funerals. They're doing a good thing for American racist issues.", "label": 1, "id": 120}
{"text": "Hamburg police officers have received \u00a33.9 million worth of equipment to battle ISIS Officers from the BFE, Germany\u2019s special police unit, modelled their elaborate gear at a special press conference in the city. Haenel assault rifles, heavy-duty ballistic protection helmets and body armour are items amongst the long-list of equipment that at least 70 police officers received to use in the event of a terrorist attack. According to the German news website NDR.de, the decision to equip the police force with the expensive heavy-duty equipment was due to the ongoing threat posed by Islamic State. The Survivor 1 armoured personal carrier, which will be used for anti-terror police operations, can deal with chemical, nuclear and biological warfare agents in order to protect officers inside the vehicle from exposure. Mon, July 25, 2016 Ansbach explosion: Syrian asylum seeker killed by own bomb at German bar Police secure an area after an explosion in Ansbach, near Nuremberg The heavy-duty SK4 rated protection gear can even stop a round fired from an AK-47 rifle. Germany splashed the cash on the Hamburg\u2019s police unit a few weeks after ISIS claimed responsibility for the stabbing of two people in Hamburg on October 16. A few days later, German police officers were called to raid refugee centres and homes in Hamburg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Bavaria, Saxony and Thuringia to find suspects who were involved in organised criminal actives such as bodily harm, blackmail, illegal restraint and harassment. The heavy-duty SK4 rated protection gear can even stop a round fired from an AK-47 rifle Germany splashed the cash on the Hamburg\u2019s police unit a few weeks after ISIS claimed responsibility for the stabbing of two people in Hamburg on October 16. The armour can deal with chemical, nuclear and biological warfare agents A few days later, German police officers were called to raid refugee centres and homes in Hamburg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Bavaria, Saxony and Thuringia to find suspects who were involved in organised criminal actives such as bodily harm, blackmail, illegal restraint and harassment. Only 70 police officers from Hamburg will have access to the new equipment", "label": 0, "id": 437}
{"text": "brightcove.createExperiences(); Donald Trump is one step closer to securing the Republican nomination for president. Following Tuesday night\u2019s primary in Indiana, the GOP front-runner was named the presumptive nominee after Texas Senator Ted Cruz announced that he was suspending his campaign. \u201cDonald Trump will be presumptive GOP nominee, we all need to unite and focus on defeating @HillaryClinton #NeverClinton,\u201d Republican Party chairman Reince Priebus tweeted. Although, Trump and Cruz were far from cordial opponents throughout the race, the billionaire businessman said what Cruz did was a \u201cbrave thing to do because we want to bring unity.\u201d While Cruz revealed he was leaving the race as there no longer seemed to be a \u201cviable\u201d path to the White House, Ohio Governor John Kasich has not announced the end of his campaign. However, even with Kasich still in the race, Trump sits in a comfortable position to officially take the nomination if he secures the required 1,237 delegates needed to win his party. \u201cTonight\u2019s results are not going to alter Gov. Kasich\u2019s campaign plans,\u201d Kasich\u2019s chief strategist John Weaver said, according to CNN. \u201cOur strategy has been and continues to be one that involves winning the nomination at an open convention.\u201d While Kasich\u2019s camp continues to be optimistic, Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton\u2018s campaign \u2013 which also took a blow to her campaign when Senator Bernie Sanders won Indiana \u2013 released a statement, condemning the announcement that Trump is the Republican party\u2019s presumptive nominee. \u201cFundamentally, our next president will need to do two things: keep our nation safe in a dangerous world and help working families get ahead here at home,\u201d the statement, obtained by PEOPLE, read. \u201cDonald Trump is not prepared to do either. Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump has demonstrated that he\u2019s too divisive and lacks the temperament to lead our nation and the free world. \u201cWith so much as stake, Donald Trump is simply too big of a risk. Hillary Clinton has proven that she has the strength to keep us safe in an uncertain world and a lifelong record of fighting to break down the barriers \u2013 economic and social \u2013 that hold working families back. While Donald Trump seeks to bully and divide Americans, Hillary Clinton will unite us to create an economy that works for everyone.\u201d While Trump ignored any criticism, saying during his victory speech at Trump tower, \u201cWe\u2019re going to win in November\u201d, he faced backlash from another opponent in the form anti-Trump adds that the Progressive Change Campaign Committee has released in an accelerated campaign against Trump. According to a press release from the PC, the ads will highlight Trump\u2019s \u201chate-mongering, his disrespect for women, and his belief that American wages are \u2018too high\u2019.\u201d \u201cWe have already begun running ads across the nation hitting Donald Trump \u2013 defining him early and moving the debate to our turf. This is key to winning.\u201d WATCH: Voters React to Ted Cruz Dropping Out of the Presidential Race Other opponents of the real estate mogul quickly vocalized their opinions, including former adviser to Jeb Bush Tim Miller who currently serves as the spokesman for an anti-Trump super-PAC, Our Principles PAC. \u201cNever ever, ever Trump. Simple as that,\u201d Miller tweeted Despite lots of criticism, the presidential hopeful did find support in Sarah Palin, who has endorsed the former reality star before, but also took to Facebook sharing a video in which she calls for unity \u201con the road to making America great again.\u201d Trump also spoke about unity on Tuesday night, adding in his speech that his focus is on bringing the Republican Party together after \u201cand amazing evening.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 71}
{"text": "Illegal aliens, paid Soros protesters, angry Black Lives Matter terrorists inspired by Obama\u2019s race war and Bernie Sanders supporters who have absolutely no idea why they showed up, sent four innocent police officers to the hospital; prevented thousands of innocent Americans from exercising their First Amendment right. Where are all of these \u201cconcerned citizens\u201d (especially the Black Lives Matter terrorists) to protest for a solution for the murder of 117 people in Chicago already this year? Stats via: heyjackass.com Trending: NEW MEXICO FIVE Planned Terror Attack At Atlanta Hospital\u2026Judge Let Them Out On Bond! George Soros Moveon.org group takes responsiblity for Alinsky style violent protests against free speech at Trump rally: Moveon.org shows its support for Socialist, Bernie Sanders. Here they \u201cwarn\u201d anyone who opposes his radical ideology: Four police officers were sent to hospital: Violence against police officers is not only acceptable with Bernie Sanders and Black Lives Matter terrorists, its necessary to create chaos and panic: What kind of violent protest would be complete without Barack Obama\u2019s good friend, domestic terrorist Bill Ayers: Actual terrorist Bill Ayers is protesting against trump in Chicago. pic.twitter.com/7dqat4Dvmh It\u2019s probably just a coincidence that on a day that Obama was too busy to attend Nancy Reagan\u2019s funeral, he was able to address a crowd about his hate for Trump only hours before this organized chaos in Chicago: And finally, we\u2019re wondering how much our Organizer In Chief had to do with this Alinsky style chaos in Chicago: Illegal aliens, paid Soros protesters, angry Black Lives Matter terrorists inspired by Obama\u2019s race war and Bernie Sanders supporters who have absolutely no idea why they showed up, sent four innocent police officers to the hospital; prevented thousands of innocent Americans from exercising their First Amendment right. Where are all of these \u201cconcerned citizens\u201d (especially the Black Lives Matter terrorists) to protest for a solution for the murder of 117 people in Chicago already this year? Stats via: heyjackass.com Trending: NEW MEXICO FIVE Planned Terror Attack At Atlanta Hospital\u2026Judge Let Them Out On Bond! George Soros Moveon.org group takes responsiblity for Alinsky style violent protests against free speech at Trump rally: Moveon.org shows its support for Socialist, Bernie Sanders. Here they \u201cwarn\u201d anyone who opposes his radical ideology: Four police officers were sent to hospital: Violence against police officers is not only acceptable with Bernie Sanders and Black Lives Matter terrorists, its necessary to create chaos and panic: What kind of violent protest would be complete without Barack Obama\u2019s good friend, domestic terrorist Bill Ayers: Actual terrorist Bill Ayers is protesting against trump in Chicago. pic.twitter.com/7dqat4Dvmh It\u2019s probably just a coincidence that on a day that Obama was too busy to attend Nancy Reagan\u2019s funeral, he was able to address a crowd about his hate for Trump only hours before this organized chaos in Chicago: And finally, we\u2019re wondering how much our Organizer In Chief had to do with this Alinsky style chaos in Chicago: Illegal aliens, paid Soros protesters, angry Black Lives Matter terrorists inspired by Obama\u2019s race war and Bernie Sanders supporters who have absolutely no idea why they showed up, sent four innocent police officers to the hospital; prevented thousands of innocent Americans from exercising their First Amendment right. Where are all of these \u201cconcerned citizens\u201d (especially the Black Lives Matter terrorists) to protest for a solution for the murder of 117 people in Chicago already this year? Stats via: heyjackass.com Trending: NEW MEXICO FIVE Planned Terror Attack At Atlanta Hospital\u2026Judge Let Them Out On Bond! George Soros Moveon.org group takes responsiblity for Alinsky style violent protests against free speech at Trump rally: Moveon.org shows its support for Socialist, Bernie Sanders. Here they \u201cwarn\u201d anyone who opposes his radical ideology: Four police officers were sent to hospital: Violence against police officers is not only acceptable with Bernie Sanders and Black Lives Matter terrorists, its necessary to create chaos and panic: What kind of violent protest would be complete without Barack Obama\u2019s good friend, domestic terrorist Bill Ayers: Actual terrorist Bill Ayers is protesting against trump in Chicago. pic.twitter.com/7dqat4Dvmh It\u2019s probably just a coincidence that on a day that Obama was too busy to attend Nancy Reagan\u2019s funeral, he was able to address a crowd about his hate for Trump only hours before this organized chaos in Chicago: And finally, we\u2019re wondering how much our Organizer In Chief had to do with this Alinsky style chaos in Chicago:", "label": 1, "id": 504}
{"text": "Apparently, condemning the NFL's kneeling protests of the national anthem is a step too far for CNN commentator Keith Boykin. He believes that, because of President Trump's tweeting, he sees an anti African-American trend -- that Trump is a racist puppet master, attempting to pull the strings on the black community. Boykin said, \"We have a white supremacist president of the United States. He's encouraging white supremacists.\" And the CNN host even called him out for saying that, questioning whether he could back up that statement. But, then he said something even more radical: It's not about respect for the flag. It's about fanning the flames of racial hatred and this president is a master of that and that's the reason why he\u2019s playing plantation politics. He thinks apparently that he is a slave master of black people in the NFL, of black people in the country.", "label": 1, "id": 532}
{"text": "Former chair of the House Democratic Caucus Rep. Xavier Becerra, D-Calif. (AP Harnik) A clearer picture is coming into focus on the Democrat IT scandal that may help explain why Democrats have been so reluctant to condemn the Awans or help the police with the investigation. It also might explain why former DNC chair Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz has been so jumpy lately. New information about a massive cybersecurity breach, gleaned from a senior House official with direct knowledge of the investigation, implicates the former chair of the House Democratic Caucus, then-Rep. Xavier Becerra, who is now the attorney general of California and a rising star in Democratic politics. Xavier Becerra was told by cops his server had major cybersecurity issues re: Imran. A fake server was given to cops He's remained silent.\u2014 Luke Rosiak (@lukerosiak) September 13, 2017 This scandal isn't about bank fraud, folks. Kudos to Luke Rosiak of The Daily Caller for chasing down this story, even as the Democratic media complex either poo-pooed or ignored the growing scandal. As Ace of Spades noted, at some point the legacy media is going to have the explain to their audiences why they didn't report on this major story all year long. A secret server is behind law enforcement\u2019s decision to ban a former IT aide to Democratic Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz from the House network. Now-indicted former congressional IT aide Imran Awan allegedly routed data from numerous House Democrats to a secret server. Police grew suspicious and requested a copy of the server early this year, but they were provided with an elaborate falsified image designed to hide the massive violations. The falsified image is what ultimately triggered their ban from the House network Feb. 2, according to a senior House official with direct knowledge of the investigation. The secret server was connected to the House Democratic Caucus, an organization chaired by then-Rep. Xavier Becerra. Police informed Becerra that the server was the subject of an investigation and requested a copy of it. Authorities considered the false image they received to be interference in a criminal investigation, the senior official said. Data was also backed up to Dropbox in huge quantities, the official said. Congressional offices are prohibited from using Dropbox, so an unofficial account was used, meaning Awan could have still had access to the data even though he was banned from the congressional network. Awan had access to all emails and office computer files of 45 members of Congress who are listed below. Fear among members that Awan could release embarrassing information if they cooperated with prosecutors could explain why the Democrats have refused to acknowledge the cybersecurity breach publicly or criticize the suspects. According to the DCNF's source, the Awans\u2019 use of Dropbox went well beyond casual use. They were \"funneling of huge quantities of data offsite where it could not be taken back by House authorities.\"", "label": 1, "id": 237}
{"text": "Donald Trump lit a fresh controversy this week with his suggestion that \"Second Amendment people\" could stop Hillary Clinton from naming her judicial picks, if she becomes president - a remark many interpreted as a suggestion that gun rights activists could violently target Clinton or her judicial nominees. \"\"If she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks,\" Trump said at a rally on Tuesday. \"Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is, I don't know. But I'll tell you what, that will be a horrible day.\" Trump and his defenders say critics misread the remark. They insist the GOP nominee was merely talking about Second Amendment supporters peacefully exercising their political power to prevent Clinton from appointing jurists to the federal bench. And some have pointed to a similar gaffe Clinton made in 2008 to argue that Trump deserves the benefit of the doubt. As the Democratic nomination was slipping from her grasp in May 2008, Clinton faced calls to drop out and endorse then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama, who'd at that point built a virtually insurmountable lead in the primary. When she was asked by a South Dakota newspaper at the end of that month why she was still running, Clinton replied, \"You know, my husband did not wrap up the nomination in 1992 until he won the California primary somewhere in the middle of June, right? .We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California.\" To some, Clinton's response suggested she was staying in the race because there was a possibility Obama could be killed, as Bobby Kennedy had been during the 1968 Democratic primary. After an indignant eruption from Obama's team, Clinton quickly backtracked: \"I regret that if my referencing that moment of trauma for our entire nation and in particular the Kennedy family was in any way offensive. I certainly had no intention of that whatsoever.\" It wasn't quite a pristine mea culpa - she apologized \"if\" her remark was \"in any way offensive,\" not for the remark itself. But it's worth noting that she was considerably more contrite than Trump has been in response to his own misstep. 66 Photos Best photos of campaign 2016 \"Give me a break,\" Trump scoffed to Fox News when asked about the criticism. His campaign released a statement blaming the \"dishonest media\" for manufacturing the controversy. On May 25, 2008, days after Clinton's remark on RFK, her spokesman, Howard Wolfson, appeared on \"Face the Nation\" to offer the campaign's version of events. \"What she clearly said, and what she meant, was that, in previous election cycles--and she referenced first her husband's in 1992, and then 1968--we've had campaigns that have gone on into June and actually beyond,\" he said. \"And so her reference to Senator Kennedy was a historical reference. The people in the room in South Dakota where she said this at the newspaper found nothing peculiar about it. She has said this before; there was no commentary or discussion about it when she'd said it before. And I think, unfortunately, her remarks have been blown out of proportion. She very quickly made clear what she meant. If she caused anyone any discomfort or pain--because it is obviously a very sensitive topic--she apologized. But she was talking about it in a historical context.\" Still, Wolfson later added, he didn't believe Clinton owed Obama a personal apology. \"Her remarks were not about Senator Obama,\" Wolfson explained. \"They had nothing to do with Senator Obama. And so, you know, there would be no reason for her to apologize to Senator Obama.\"", "label": 0, "id": 314}
{"text": "On July 28 1982, President Ronald Reagan designated August 14 as Navajo Code Talkers Day. Reagan called it a day dedicated to \"all members of the Navajo Nation and to all Native Americans who gave their special talents and their lives so that others might live.\" \"When called upon to serve the United States, [the Navajo Nation] contributed a precious commodity never before used in this way. In the midst of the fighting in the Pacific during World War II, a gallant group of men from the Navajo Nation utilized their language in coded form to help speed the Allied victory.\" According to the U.S. Marine Corps, Code Talkers took part in every assault by Marines in the Pacific during the war from 1942 to 1945 serving in all Marine six divisions. The Code Talkers were a vital part to the Allied forces victory as the Navajo language is the only spoken code to have never been deciphered. \"The dedication and unswerving devotion to duty shown by the men of the Navajo Nation,\" Reagan said the proclamation, \"should serve as a fine example for all Americans.\" PHOTOS: Honoring the Navajo Code Talkers", "label": 0, "id": 625}
{"text": "DACA recipients have seized on American millennials' ability to receive financial aid and college scholarships in multiple states. ( AP Luis Magana) Asking the wrong questions will yield the wrong answers. If you ask yourself, as President Trump did \u2014 \u201cDoes anybody really want to throw out good, educated and accomplished young people who have jobs, some serving in the military? [.] They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own \u2014 brought in by parents at a young age\u201d- you will surely find the answer is no. However, if you ask yourself if you should support the proposed resurgence of the flagrantly unconstitutional and unjust \u201camnesty\u201d that greatly disadvantages American millennials, the answer is less clear. The resurgence of the debate over the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals policy would put all millennials in direct competition with illegal immigrants who were granted DACA permits, whether it be through college admissions, job opportunities, or wages. DACA creates competition in the higher education system that inherently favors illegal immigrants through policies such as affirmative action. Affirmative action mandates equal opportunities for, and often results in a larger presence of, minority groups in workplaces and, most notably, universities. Dreamers with permits qualify for affirmative action, giving young immigrants an advantage over not just the skilled worker, but also American college applicants. DACA recipients have seized on American millennials\u2019 ability to receive financial aid and college scholarships in multiple states. Approximately one out of every four DACA recipients \u2014 about 200,0 individuals \u2014 live in California. California allows Dreamers to receive in-state college tuition and 19 other states have followed suit. The California Dream Act, embolden by DACA, has set a precedent for states to generously allocate funding to students who have entered or were brought into the country Illegally. California is merely one example of states diverting funding from the middle class to fund Dreamers. To fund the Cal Grant entitlement for the state\u2019s \u201cneediest\u201d students, California has \u201cphased-out\u201d the Middle-Class Scholarship Program. Implementing the California Dream Act made certain that undocumented and nonresident students are eligible for state financial aid, and that alone accounts for $67 million of the increase in Cal Grant spending. However, California students and taxpayers are not the only ones who have felt the impact and burden of DACA. California serves as an example of how scholarship and state-funded aid for the average DACA recipient creates a disadvantage for Americans of similar income classes. Middle-Class American students are less likely to receive financial aid from universities and institutions, due to the diverting funds, implemented in State Dream Acts, emboldened by DACA. Additionally, DACA creates competition in the workforce, for the millions of jobless American millennials. Currently, over 10 percent of millennials remain unemployed. There are 800,0 millennials from other countries who are competing legally in the workplace for the same occupations where American millennials are looking for work. According to the Migration Policy Institute, there are an estimated 2.1 million illegal immigrants who are DACA-eligible in the United States in addition to the 800,0 already enrolled. However, the ultimate issue facing both millennials and Americans is that DACA allows for unjust amnesty. The United States admits approximately 1 million legal permanent immigrants every year, which is more than any other nation in the world. It is unjust to the millions of Americans and resident legal immigrants who followed the rules. Giving blanket amnesty to those who neglect to follow our laws is irresponsible and rewards those who fail to follow the rules. Refusing to enforce the law equally, by making special exceptions for favored groups, puts a burden on citizens and lawful residents in the states (especially border states) with the irresponsible federal abdication of immigration law. DACA also blatantly encourages more illegal immigrants to enter the United States in hopes of future amnesty. Granting legal status to Dreamers streamlines the pipeline of illegal immigration through extended family sponsorship. This is a slippery slope for America. The narrative on DACA touts the promise of the American dream by advertising the many who have benefited from the system. What it fails to mention are the impacts and burdens DACA has thrust upon the American millennials. Sydney Jacobs (@the_poli_chick), a Las Vegas, Nevada native, currently resides in Washington D.C and works in Republican politics.", "label": 1, "id": 617}
{"text": "By: Rachel Blevins/ The Free Thought Project President Trump issued his first official pardon on Friday, sparing former Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio, who was found guilty of criminal contempt after he violated a court order in a racial profiling case by continuing to target illegal immigrants. While both Trump and many of his supporters have applauded Arpaio, who refers to himself as \u201cAmerica\u2019s toughest sheriff,\u201d there is one thing he is not always tough on\u2014pedophiles. In fact, according to a report from the Associated Press in December 2011, Airpaio\u2019s office failed to investigate\u201cmore than 400 sex-crimes\u201d that were reported in Maricopa County from 2005 to 2007, \u201cincluding dozens of alleged child molestations\u2014that were inadequately investigated and in some instances were not worked at all.\u201d The report cited current and former police officers familiar with the cases who claimed that victims of the horrific crimes were as young as 2 years old. In El Mirage, the city where Arpaio\u2019s office was providing contract police services, officials reportedly discovered at least 32 reported child molestations, and even though suspects were known in all but six cases, Arpaio \u201cfailed to follow through.\u201d While Arpaio made headlines for his infamous Tent City Jail, a camp in which nearly 1,0 illegal immigrants were forced to live outdoors in Arizona\u2019s sweltering 120-degree heat, he did not make headlines for his treatment of the children of illegal immigrants. According to the officers who worked with him, many of those children were victims of sex crimes, which Arpaio ignored, as he let their American citizen predators run free. After Arpaio\u2019s contract ended, and his office was no longer required to provide police services for El Mirage, Detective Jerry Laird told the AP he found that an overwhelming majority of the cases he received from the office hadn\u2019t been worked, which meant that \u201cthere were no follow-up reports, no collection of additional forensic evidence and zero effort made after the initial report of the crime was taken.\u201d While some of the cases Arpaio\u2019s office neglected were turned over to prosecutors, the report noted that the El Mirage Police Department claimed \u201cmost were no longer viable\u2014evidence dating as far back as 2006 had grown cold or wasn\u2019t collected in the first place, victims had either moved away or otherwise moved on.\u201d Arpaio held a news conference in response to the 2011 report, in which he said, \u201cIf there were any victims, I apologize to those victims.\u201d As The Free Thought Project has reported, a number of cases involving pedophiles have come to light under the Trump Administration, such as a pedophile ring investigation that resulted over 900 arrests in May, and a sex-trafficking investigation that resulted in over 1,0 arrests earlier this month. This raises the question\u2014why aren\u2019t Arpaio and other members of his office being held to the same standards? Joe Arpaio\u2019s harsh treatment towards illegal immigrants has stirred up controversy, but his outright neglect of children who are victims of sex crimes seems to have slipped under the radar. Children have no control over which country they are born in, and they are the most vulnerable to predators. If a child is a victim of a sex crime, the question of whether the predators are \u201cillegal aliens\u201d or \u201clegal American citizens\u201d should not keep officials like Sheriff Arpaio from holding them accountable for their actions, and he should be held accountable for his failure to do so.", "label": 1, "id": 605}
{"text": "There has been no shortage of talk recently about taking action to remove President Donald Trump from office, with Trump\u2019s Charlottesville response proving to be a breaking point for many Republicans who had previously supported him. However, journalist Joan Walsh cautioned Americans to take a long, hard look at Trump\u2019s would-be successor Mike Pence before we get excited about Pence being behind the Resolute desk in place of Trump. Wrote Walsh in an article bluntly titled \u201cWhy Mike Pence is Worse than Donald Trump\u201d in The Nation, \u201cYou probably have these debates with your friends, too: Do we want Donald Trump to resign, or be impeached, which would leave us with Vice President Mike Pence in charge?\u2026Would the low-charisma Pence, who looks like a B-movie producer\u2019s idea of a president, be easier to defeat, especially given the GOP fratricide that would commence with Trump\u2019s departure, however it came about?\u201d She continued, \u201cI try never to care about the political implications of whether Trump should stay or go. He should go, because he\u2019s a racist authoritarian who got help from a foreign adversary to become president. He should go, because he\u2019s more likely to stumble into war than Pence is. But I never let that obscure the truth, either: Pence is a far worse person, because of his creepy Handmaid\u2019s Tale patriarchal approach to women\u2019s equality. But also because he usually knows he\u2019s lying about Trump, and their administration\u2019s agenda, and he lies anyway.\u201d Walsh then brought up disturbing comments the vice president made this past week during an appearance on the Today show. Said Pence, protesting the removal of Confederate monuments, \u201cWhen I walked, back in 2010, across the Edmund Pettus Bridge with John Lewis, arm in arm, and we remembered Bloody Sunday, and the extraordinary progress of the civil rights movement, I can\u2019t help but think that rather than pulling down monuments, as some are wont to do, rather than tearing down monuments that have graced our cities all across this country for years, we ought to be building more monuments.\u201dCommented Joan about Pence, \u201cI don\u2019t think he gives a damn about the folks who protest these shameful statues. What was most galling about Pence\u2019s comment, though, was that he used his bond with Lewis to clean up Trump\u2019s despicable equation of Nazis and white supremacists with their opponents, who are the modern-day incarnation of John Lewis.\u201d Do you think she is correct about Pence?", "label": 1, "id": 171}
{"text": "MSNBC host Joe Scarborough expressed wariness on Thursday morning about the timing and source of the recent slew of sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump. The \u201cMorning Joe\u201d host speculated that allegations by multiple women in publications such as People magazine, The New York Times, BuzzFeed, and the Palm Beach Post may have been coordinated by Hillary Clinton\u2019s campaign. He argued that sexual assault victims would have had months to come forward with allegations, and cited Trump\u2019s inflammatory comments about Fox News host Megyn Kelly as a potential \u201ctriggering event.\u201d . @JoeNBC on new accusations against Trump: I\u2019m sceptical about the *timing*\u2026 Talk about an October surprise. 2gP5QD99 \u2014 Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) October 13, 2016 \u201cI\u2019m talking about the timing of all of this dropping, talk about an October surprise,\u201d Scarborough said. \u201cThere have been 1,0 triggering events that would have made sense. If I had been sexually harassed by this man, the Megyn Kelly story would have given me and opportunity.\u201d He added: \u201cThere have been 1,0 reports of this already. I\u2019m just asking why all the sudden this stuff is dropping in October. Perhaps it\u2019s all innocent. Perhaps there\u2019s no oppo drop. Perhaps it\u2019s not coordinated.\u201d The allegations come after a 2005 video was released on Friday showing the Republican presidential nominee boasting about kissing and forcing himself on women without their permission. During the second presidential debate, Trump denied that he ever sexually assaulted women. The Trump campaign is already pushing back against the allegations. Trump\u2019s attorneys sent a letter to the New York Times early Thursday morning denying the allegations and threatening to sue the paper for defamation if the paper didn\u2019t issue a retraction. The real-estate magnate also took to Twitter to defend himself. The phoney story in the failing @nytimes is a TOTAL FABRICATION. Written by same people as last discredited story on woman. WATCH! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 13, 2016 Why didn\u2019t the writer of the twelve year old article in People Magazine mention the \u201cincident\u201d in her story. Because it did not happen! \u2014 Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 13, 2016 NOW WATCH: Briefing videos Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.", "label": 0, "id": 331}
{"text": "Souvenirs from this week's Republican National Convention in Cleveland took no prisoners. From Trump bumper stickers that call Clinton the B-word (wow) to a poster depicting Clinton in dominatrix gear (double wow) to Trump- and Clinton-themed condoms (triple wow), the swag was as surreal and distasteful as this historic election has been \u2014 and that's saying something. Photos by Steve Truesdell.", "label": 0, "id": 456}
{"text": "Terry Crews, photographed Nov. 2017. Billy &amp; Hells for TIME When dozens of women came forward with sexual assault and harassment allegations against Harvey Weinstein\u2014who has continued to deny all allegations of non-consensual sex\u2014actor Terry Crews noticed that some people on Twitter were skeptical. Crews knows from personal experience how hard it is to experience harassment and muster the courage to speak out: He says he was groped by William Morris Endeavor agent Adam Venit at an industry event in front of his wife. The agency said they suspended and demoted Venit, who declined to comment for this article. He has since returned to work. Crews is now suing Venit and the agency for sexual assault. Crews\u2014who was recognized as one of the Silence Breakers, TIME\u2019s Person of the Year\u2014realized that men had a responsibility to lend credence and support to these women\u2019s claims. Almost without thinking through the consequences, Crews tweeted out his own story; in his viral series of tweets, he became one of the first men to join the chorus of women speaking out about harassment. Crews spoke to TIME about the reception to his story and why it\u2019s imperative that men advocate for women\u2019s rights. What was the moment you decided to speak out about what happened to you? I\u2019d actually just read a comment someone made on Twitter about one of Weinstein\u2019s accusers. It went something like: She\u2019s just looking for attention and a payday. It really affected me. I couldn\u2019t stop thinking about it. I remember going to my phone and I started writing. And I couldn\u2019t stop. What it became was this sixteen-tweet missive from me. I just remember having to say what I felt. I was really angry because these women were being discounted. These women were being discarded. Their pain was just\u2014it was nothing. I wanted to join in. I wanted to say something. I wanted to support. But I did have to let these women know they weren\u2019t alone. And that I understood. My whole mission was to give them strength. Don\u2019t accept the shame that people are giving you. Because that\u2019s what it was. They were being shamed. They were being victimized again. I just couldn\u2019t stand for it. Watch: Why the Silence Breakers Are the 2017 Person of the Year Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded: 0% 0:00 Progress: 0% 0:00 Progress: 0% Stream TypeLIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1 Chapters Chapters descriptions off, selected Descriptions subtitles off, selected Subtitles captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Captions Audio Track This is a modal window. Caption Settings Dialog Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. TextColorWhiteTransparencyOpaqueBackgroundColorBlackTransparencyOpaqueWindowColorBlackTransparencyTransparent Font Size50% Text Edge StyleNone Font FamilyProportional Sans-Serif What was the reaction like? In a matter of hours it had become the #1 trending topic on Twitter. And I had a realization: I didn\u2019t check with my wife, I didn\u2019t check with my publicist, I didn\u2019t check with anybody. I just did it. But at that moment, I was free. Until men stand up and say, \u201cThis harassment, this abuse, these assaults are wrong,\u201d nothing will change. If I was silent, it would mean I\u2019m consenting to all of it. I always have felt women have been able to take care of themselves, 100%. But men need to hold other men accountable. That\u2019s my thing. I came up in the cult of masculinity, in football and the sports world and entertainment. You\u2019re in places and guys are saying the wildest thing. People need to be called on that. You need to be held accountable for the things you say, the things you do. What it came from is literally a belief that as a man you are more valuable than a woman. The reason I have the authority to say it is because I was like it. I truly believed I was more valuable than my wife and kids. Until I had a major paradigm shift in my own life\u2014it was like I hit rock bottom in order for me to see that I had it all wrong. I\u2019m here to tell you it\u2019s not your fault. It\u2019s not. What happened to me was a prime example. People were saying, \u201cYou should have beat him up.\u201d I\u2019m like, \u201cWhy is no one questioning him?\u201d No one questions the predator. The person who is doing the harassment doesn\u2019t even get a question. You know why? Because they just expect it. And I said, \u201cNo more.\u201d Why are you questioning the victim here? Let\u2019s flip it. What would you say to people who think this is becoming a witch hunt? Hollywood was so far into the fact that everyone thought this behavior is normal. It needs to swing all the way back. What we need is a reset. People say, \u201cOh, it\u2019s a witch hunt. People could lie.\u201d You know what? First of all, the thread of that is going to keep people right. We need to know you can\u2019t do it. If it\u2019s not a witch, it\u2019s a witch hunt. If there are actual witches there, we need to stop them. I have people coming to me saying, \u201cHey, man. You could ruin this guy\u2019s life.\u201d Very clever. That\u2019s a very clever thing to say. But he ruined it when he did it. All these people need to be disciplined into knowing what is acceptable and what isn\u2019t. The only way to do that is by holding people accountable every time. This is something that gives my life meaning. There\u2019s no reason why\u2014why should I be the guy to survive Flint, Michigan; survive forty-nine years on this Earth; married twenty-eight years with five kids, the whole thing\u2014and then I just sit in my big house and relax. This gives my life meaning. Now I know why I was put here. Let me tell you\u2014the guy who messed with me messed with the wrong guy. Is Hollywood a microcosm for how power is imbalanced in the rest of the world? I believe that. It is in every field, in every business, in sports, in politics. It\u2019s bipartisan. It\u2019s not Democratic, it\u2019s not Republican, it\u2019s not Russian, it\u2019s not American, it\u2019s not black, it\u2019s not white. Because I am an African-American man, I\u2019ve been just as vocal about the abuses in my own community. The pimp culture, where guys are praised for having two or three girls. I\u2019ve been to the rally for civil rights, and they will look at a woman and say, \u201cBitch, sit down.\u201d And you\u2019re like, \u201cWait a minute\u2014this is civil rights here.\u201d When it\u2019s like, as a black man, I\u2019m equal to a white man, but they don\u2019t believe that a man is equal to a woman. Self-defeating. Self-destructive. How are you going to get justice, and you aren\u2019t even treating the women in your circle with justice? If you\u2019re a Democrat, you can\u2019t gloss over your own problems of the people in your party. If you\u2019re a Republican, you can\u2019t gloss over those problems in your party. If you\u2019re American, you can\u2019t say just because I\u2019m an American, let\u2019s gloss over that stuff. And sometimes you\u2019ve got to be willing to walk alone. I get most of my courage from my wife. When I went through my trauma, she was right there with me. I\u2019m very thankful to have a wise woman on my team. This interview has been edited and condensed.", "label": 0, "id": 607}
{"text": "Week of August 7: Monday August 7: Joey puts himself in harm\u2019s way to save Kayla. Brady interrogates Victor, who finally comes clean. Gabi makes a difficult decision regarding Chad. Sonny is stunned by Paul's news. Tuesday August 8: \"Marlena\" breaks up with John. Anjelica lures Adrienne into a trap. Brady's jealousy threatens to push him over the edge. Nicole makes a risky move to be near Holly. Wednesday August 9: Hattie breaks Bonnie out of Statesville. Steve and Kayla clash over the situation with Tripp and Joey. Brady gets the wrong idea about Nicole and Eric. Justin makes a confession to Sonny. Thursday August 10: More: Days recap: Chad plays the martyr and turns himself in to the police More: Beloved, unforgettable soap characters who touch our hearts Tripp secretly decides to skip town. Anjelica meets with Bonnie for the first time and explains her first order of business. Lani is put in a tough position at work. Chad and Abigail's reunion takes a surprising turn. Friday August 11: More: Deconstructing DOOL: A well-rounded week showcased zaniness, drama and that Chabby reunion Bonnie breaks Lucas's heart. Brady breaks into Eric's room and makes a shocking discovery. Chad and Sonny compare notes about the night of Deimos's murder. Marlena wakes to find herself trapped. Find late-breaking Days of our Lives news, and who is coming and going at Days of our Lives. Follow Soaps.com on Twitter, Days of our Lives on Twitter, Soaps.com on Facebook and Soaps.com on Instagram. Photo credit: Jill - Amy Fix", "label": 0, "id": 542}
{"text": "Sabrina Rubin Erdely An attorney for the former University of Virginia dean suing Rolling Stone for defamation alleged during closing arguments that the magazine\u2019s campus rape story was reported with a \u201creckless disregard for the truth.\u201d Attorney Tom Clare charged that Rolling Stone \u201cneeded a villain\u201d for the Nov. 2014 feature piece \u2014 and the story\u2019s author, Sabrina Erdely, decided former associate dean of students Nicole Eramo fit the bill. \u201cEvery one of her stories has a victim, a villain and a vindicator \u2026 Ms. Erdely and Rolling Stone were intent on imposing that on this story,\u201d Clare said. \u201cIt had all of the elements of a perfect story, but when something sounds too perfect to be true, it probably is.\u201d Eramo, who is seeking $7.5 million, claims the since-discredited story portrayed her as turning a blind eye to gang rape claims made by a former student identified as \u201cJackie.\u201d Clare argued that the defamation case is not about rape, but about journalistic failure. The lawyer said Erdely left out important details in her piece on purpose, like the fact that Eramo took Jackie to the police on two separate occasions. \u2018Every one of her stories has a victim, a villain and a vindicator\u2026\u2019 \u201cThey made a decision to remove [from the article] every reference to the police and that\u2019s actual malice,\u201d he said. Clare also blasted Erdely for ignoring red flags, such as Jackie\u2019s refusal to put her in touch with sources who could corroborate her alleged gang rape account. \u201cJackie\u2019s refusal to put Ms. Erdely in touch with people who could confirm or deny her story was a giant, waving red flag,\u201d he insisted. \u201cOnce they decided what the article was going to be, it didn\u2019t matter what the facts were,\u201d Clare added. Rolling Stone\u2019s attorney Scott Sexton countered that Erdely put a \u201ctremendous amount of work\u201d into the article, but was ultimately fooled by Jackie. \u201cSabrina was acting in good faith when she wrote the article with the information she had,\u201d he insisted. \u201cOur world would shut down if we walked out that court room door and expected everyone to lie to us.\u201d Sexton also said that because Eramo is a public figure, Erdely had every right to criticize her. \u201cShe is a highly compensated public servant\u2026 we are entitled as citizens to criticize a public figure,\u201d he explained. Sexton argued that Eramo\u2019s attorneys are intent on proving that the story was republished in Dec. 2014 \u2014 when the magazine added an editor\u2019s note to the piece after Jackie\u2019s rape account had been called into question \u2014 because they, \u201chave no case for actual malice\u201d before then. One of the questions jurors will be asked is whether they believe that Rolling Stone \u201caffirmatively reiterated the content of any false and defamatory statements.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 55}
{"text": "\u2014 As a survivor of childhood sexual trauma, there are many misconceptions I live with on a daily basis. My pain is treated as fodder for jokes and people with backgrounds like mine are assumed to be abusers-in-the-making. Both of these are very real issues, but today I want to talk about a third issue that many people don\u2019t even realize about sexual abuse victims: the effect that the abuse has had in obscuring our own understanding of our sexual and gender identities. It\u2019s impossible for some of us to even understand what an innate gender or sexual identity would even feel like. Our entire perception of our \u201ctrue\u201d gender and orientation is mutilated by our experiences. It\u2019s a well-established fact that child abuse does not cause homosexuality or gender fluidity, nor does gender fluidity or homosexuality cause people to become child abusers. This is an important truth that needs to be continually disseminated as too many people still think there is a causal link in one direction or both. It is unfortunate, however, that the well-intentioned desire to keep the LGBT community from being maligned has resulted in the experiences of many CSA victims being silenced because it confuses the narrative. It is a testimony that is actually quite simple: for many victims of CSA, especially repeated CSA, nothing about their identity can be fully separated from the early trauma. That includes sexual orientation and gender identity. Which means that many CSA survivors will tell you that they cannot say with a straight face that their perception of their gender identity or sexual orientation was not shunted down a different road by their experiences. It is a testimony that is actually quite simple: for many victims of CSA, especially repeated CSA, nothing about their identity can be fully separated from the early trauma. This requires a steady mind and a grasp of nuance to understand what is being said. Obviously not all, or even the majority if, gay CSA victims attribute their orientation to their abuse. Nor do, or should, gender fluid victims give credit to abusers when it comes to discovering their true self. What it does mean, however, is that men who do say their identity was affected by their trauma should not be dismissed out of hand. In abusive situations, coercion is often mixed with reward (such as emotional attention) and being forced to do something can still lead to physical arousal. Such experiences can rewire the brain into seeking out similar situations as an adult for complex psychological reasons other than because of natural inclination. Among male victims, the term \u201cSSA\u201d (same-sex attraction) continues to be a meaningful term. This is a term that in other circles has become appropriately abandoned, given the connection and connotations it has with fundamentalist conversion therapies. On its face, the term is benign and non-judgmental. In usage, however, it is a denial of orientation as an innate and non-changing element. That aspect of it, which when applied to homosexuals en masse is insulting and invalidating, is ironically exactly why some CSA survivors willingly apply it to themselves. Because they are not convinced that their sexual attraction to men was not the result of early trauma. In fact, they feel as if recognizing that attraction and their true orientation are at odds is actually a more authentic description of themselves. I\u2019ve seen the term \u201cabuse reactive\u201d to label the difference between people who are able to know themselves apart from the abuse and people for whom the self before the trauma is a black hole difficult or even impossible to ever fully explore. One of the confusing aspects to this is that throughout history and even to this day, boys who showed effeminate characteristics were and are more likely to be denied a proper support system. They are more likely to be bullied and socially isolated and seen as unsatisfactory by both peers and adults. This puts them at a greater risk of abuse. No child is immune from the risk of being preyed upon, but many predators look for the outcast unlikely to be listened to or believed and desperate for ANY adult attention. Therefore, because of society\u2019s prejudice, LGBT youth are often at greater risk of being sexually exploited. Drawn to signs of non-heteronormative behavior or not, a predator may very well strike before the boy himself understands his own orientation and gender. Across his entire lifespan, a male is most in danger of being sexually assaulted between the ages of 4 and 13. Think about what you didn\u2019t know about yourself at age 7. The risk here is that conversation like this only gives fire to the bigots who want to say that there is something \u201cwrong\u201d with everyone who identifies as LGBT. That would be the wrong takeaway. The correct lesson is to believe individuals. For those who say \u201cI was always this way,\u201d believe them. For those who say \u201cI can\u2019t tell you for sure\u201d or \u201cI\u2019m pretty sure my SSA was caused by my abuse,\u201d believe them too. Don\u2019t silence their voice because some people might misinterpret it. Don\u2019t assume you know their true selves better than they do. \u2014 More on this subject by Dr. Joe Kort: Sexual abuse disorients you; it does not orient you. __ Photo credit: Getty Images", "label": 0, "id": 475}
{"text": "People are hungry to learn more about Hillary Clinton\u2019s Wikileaks scandal, but you wouldn\u2019t know it if you get your news from the mainstream media. The search term \u201cWikileaks\u201d dwarfs the term \u201cTrump Women,\u201d according to an info graphic shown on \u201cFox &amp; Friends\u201d on Saturday, but the network news coverage does not reflect the interest. ABC News devoted four minutes to discussing Trump\u2019s sex scandals while NBC did 5 minutes and CBS did 3 minutes on the topic. By contrast, ABC spent a paltry one minute on Clinton\u2019s Wikileaks scandal while CBS devoted two minutes to the email leaks. But NBC was, by far, the worst. With precisely no coverage at all the peacock network simply pretended the scandal didn\u2019t exist. trump-women-vs-wikileaksw Play Video Not many on social media were surprised. . @tuckercarlson: \u201cHere\u2019s a breakdown [of coverage] for the three major networks.\u201d pic.twitter.com/9wY725Tipa \u2014 Fox News (@FoxNews) October 14, 2016 This the game Hillary is playing, The accusers come out of the woodwork and chew up the Air Time, all the Plan \u2014 OhReally (@OhReally22) October 15, 2016 @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson What hope do we have for a fair and prosperous future if the media insists on covering up corruption? \ud83d\ude2a\ud83d\ude4f\ud83c\uddfa\ud83c\uddf8\ud83d\ude4f \u2014 Deb (@ddefrankie) October 15, 2016 The MSM is so afraid of Hillary\u2019s negatives they avoid \u2014 Hopper (@sofshoe) October 15, 2016 @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson Of course it is covered more. They don\u2019t want to show what HC does. I am sick of her free and to run for president. \u2014 Frances Shelton (@FrancesShelto20) October 15, 2016 @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson this is a shame. Media is not supposed to be biased, but these outlets are bought by the Clintons. #clintonslaves \u2014 Tommy Mora (@TommyTommyjmora) October 15, 2016 @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson Of course they do not report news, they are a Dems PR outlets no journalists, come on! \u2014 MRHF (@Jovisoul) October 15, 2016", "label": 1, "id": 584}
{"text": "Harvey Weinstein may end up losing all his money and going to prison for life after his sexual assault accusations, HollywoodLife.com has EXCLUSIVELY learned. Read more details here! Harvey Weinstein, 65, could be in deep trouble regarding the sexual assault claims from the many women who have come forward. \u201c\u201dIn order to go to prison, Harvey would have to be convicted of a felony, like rape,\u201d Darren Kavinoky, California Criminal Defense Attorney of 1.800.No.Cuffs shared EXCLUSIVELY with HollywoodLife.com. \u201cIn order for him to go to prison, he would have to get sentenced for more than a year. What is dangerous about Harvey\u2019s behavior, and crimes of a sexual nature, is that he could be subject to consecutive sentencing. When you are talking about sex offenses, you get mandatory consecutive sentencing where the punishments stack one on top of another. So you get these really insanely long sentences in sex based cases that you don\u2019t see in other areas of law.\u201d SEE THE LIST OF HARVEY\u201dS ACCUSERS HERE. \u201cIf multiple women come forward and he is accused then convicted of many sex crimes, molestation, harassment and ultimately rape, he could easily be behind state prison bars for 10, 20, 30 years or even longer depending on how many women come forward and what he is ultimately convicted of,\u201d Darren continued. \u201cFurthermore, all of his alleged victims could, after criminal convictions, victims could then sue Harvey civilly for damages. With a net worth of an estimated $800 Million Dollars, depending on the number of victims, Harvey could easily lose his fortune in court, to his victims. He could be wiped out, and spend the rest of his life behind bars, broke, penniless and disgraced.\u201d In addition to the general sexual assault accusations, Harvey made headlines this week after it was reported that his company, The Weinstein Company, allowed him to sexually harass women as long as he paid all the money owed if he got sued. The controversial reports surrounding the film producer have caused a lot of backlash on social media with stars speaking out against him and there have been reports that he has recently checked into rehab for his issues. HollywoodLifers, do you think Harvey should lose his fortune? Tell us here!", "label": 0, "id": 251}
{"text": "They've got her now, just you wait. Republicans in Congress have Hillary Clinton in their sights, and it's all going to be different this time. They're demanding that the Justice Department appoint a special counsel to investigate Clinton, or more specifically, a couple of different matters relating to her, including the sale of a company that mines uranium and the Russia dossier, in which an opposition researcher assembled potentially damaging information on Donald Trump in 2016. What America obviously needs is a prosecutor with unlimited resources and subpoena power to get to the bottom of these matters, because . because . well because Hillary Damn Clinton, that's why! You may have noticed that Hillary Clinton is not actually the president, a fact that has left Republicans who were looking forward to four or eight years of rip-roaring investigations rather bereft. So why not have the Justice Department investigate the president's former opponent? Maybe they'll get to lock her up after all. Sure, that's something that tends to happen in countries where elections are a prelude to tyranny, but isn't the American system far too lenient on people who commit the crime of losing an election? What is the point of all this? The answer is a bit complicated, but first let's quickly address the Republicans' complaint. In their fantasy world, what demands investigation is chiefly this: Hillary Clinton gave 20 percent of our uranium to Russia in exchange for donations to the Clinton Foundation, and there was obviously something fishy going on. However, every bit of the previous sentence is false, other than that there is a person named \"Hillary Clinton,\" a thing called \"uranium,\" a place called \"Russia,\" and an organization called the \"Clinton Foundation.\" In fact, the Russian government controls a company that has rights to mine a portion of the uranium located within the United States (far less than 20 percent), and the uranium isn't allowed to leave the country. The sale of that company was approved in 2013 by a board that includes representatives of nine different federal agencies; though the State Department is one of the nine, Clinton had no personal role in the decision. The donations to the Clinton Foundation that supposedly were payback actually occurred in 2007, before she became secretary of state, from a man who no longer had any stake in the company by the time the sale took place (you can read more here or here). As for the Russian dossier, it was opposition research of the kind undertaken by candidates for every significant office in America. It contained some salacious rumors about Donald Trump, but the Clinton campaign didn't even make them public. In short, this isn't the kind of thing you appoint a special counsel to investigate. When this was brought up by far-right Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), whom retired Speaker of the House John Boehner recently referred to as a \"legislative terrorist,\" at a Judiciary Committee hearing this week, even Attorney General Jeff Sessions seemed uninterested. But Jordan and his compatriots are hardly alone; the president himself recently said it's \"very discouraging to me\" that the Justice Department is not \"going after Hillary Clinton.\" If there's one thing Republicans know, it's how to work a Clinton scandal. You start with wild charges, whether there are any facts behind them or not, then start to hold hearings, create a rising din in the conservative media, and before you know it, you've woven a scandal out of nothing. Of course, you have to pretend that you care very deeply about consular security or proper email management or whatever the ostensible topic of the scandal is, but they can manage that without too much trouble. This formula has to be understood as serving multiple goals. In the short run, it merely makes trouble for Democrats, putting them on the defensive and dominating the news. Now that Trump is president, it could also help distract attention from the administration's scandals. Since this story involves Russia too, it can potentially create a fog in the addled mind of the American public, to the point where \"Russia\" is just associated with a bunch of Washington corruption that involves both parties. In the longer run, the investigation can act as a lever, producing something more consequential than whatever it set out to investigate. Republicans don't have to know what they're fishing for at the outset; it's enough to hope that there might be something waiting to be uncovered. The Benghazi investigation revealed the existence of Clinton's private email server, so who knows what an investigation into the uranium company might produce? And then there's the emotional component. Investigating Hillary Clinton promises a return to a simpler time, when Republicans felt a sense of righteousness and purpose, and didn't have to worry about crafting complicated legislation that required difficult tradeoffs. That stuff is just no fun. The trouble with the project, however, to return to where we started, is that Hillary Clinton is not the president and is never going to be the president. She's gone. There isn't anything to be gained by rooting around like pigs hoping to unearth a truffle of scandal buried somewhere in the woods of Chappaqua. All it does is make them look like sore winners. Which of course is exactly what they are. Nothing in the last year has turned out the way they thought it would, and they have no idea what to do about it. A good Clinton scandal would make everything make sense again. But they probably won't get it, so they'll just have to content themselves with defending the toddler in the Oval Office and worrying about which of their candidates are going to turn out to have a thing for teenage girls. Oh \u2014 and maybe passing some legislation. If they get around to it.", "label": 1, "id": 611}
{"text": "Google banned my channel with 80,0 people on it so join my Newsletter so they can\u2019t stop us! A young man named Gio Rios just proved the FBI is lying scum about the Las Vegas shooting! Everything we\u2019ve been told by the FBI and Fake News on TV is now officially a fraud! Listen to his riveting testimony as he talks about the multiple shooters he saw and the lies the FBI told about it all! Tell Trump to start firing people until the truth comes out! This is outrageous! We are worse than a banana Republic! The FBI must be investigated for fraud and coverup! We cannot allow the FBI and the Fake News to get away with this any longer. Spread this patriot\u2019s testimony to every person you know. Tell them the FBI are liars and our news is fake! Tweet to Trump @potus and @realdonaldtrump and tell him God told us in his Word to tell the truth! Tell him we all know the FBI is lying over Las Vegas! Tell him to do a press conference and stop the lies! Send him this video! We are not going to take the lies anymore! \u201cAnd Ye Shall Know the Truth, and the Truth Shall Make You Free\u201d John 8:32 How To Easily Kill All Indoor Odor, Mold, And Bacteria \u2014 Without Lifting A Finger", "label": 1, "id": 40}
{"text": "Defense Secretary James Mattis warned Monday that the US Army needs to \u201cstand ready\u201d for put into action its various options for attacking North Korea, saying \u201cneither you nor I can say\u201d what the future holds, and that it\u2019s purely up to President Trump. Mattis presented the preparations to attack North Korea as necessary because of \u201ccontinued provocations\u201d by Pyongyang, despite North Korea not having said much of anything in recent weeks, other than being concerned that Trump has declared war during the many, many times he\u2019s talked about destroying North Korea. While Trump has largely been driving the North Korea war hysteria for months on end, he\u2019s been virtually the sole instigator of such talks lately, condemning diplomacy on a near-daily basis,and insisting that \u201c only one thing will work\u201d against them, ominously threatening to show us all what that is \u201cpretty soon.\u201d Repeated threats to \u201ctotally destroy\u201d North Korea have been among his most favored talking points on any subject since the UN General Assembly. Mattis\u2019 talk of keeping the Army ready to carry out that threat only adds to concern that the US could start a massive war at any moment. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz", "label": 0, "id": 122}
{"text": "Roy Moore and Donald Trump ( grab) The current political alliance between President Trump and Roy Moore isn\u2019t new \u2013 their collusion goes back at least to 2011. It was then that the two teamed up to promote the \u201cBirther Lie\u201d that President Obama was not born in the USA. They served as active and vocal leaders of this racist cause over the five-year period from 2011 to 2016. President Obama\u2019s short form and long form birth certificates were released by the Dept. of Health of the State of Hawaii, in June 2008 and April 2011 respectively. The birth records show that Barack Hussein Obama II was born at 7:24 pm on August 4, 1961, in the Kapiolani Maternity &amp; Gynecological Hospital in Honolulu, to Stanley Ann Dunham Obama and Barack Hussein Obama. In the face of this documentary evidence, many early \u201cBirthers\u201d gave up the cause. But not Trump and Moore. They relentlessly promoted the lie, claiming in public speeches and interviews that they were privy to inside information that these birth certificates were forgeries. Moore, who began his involvement in the cause in 2008, declared to World Net Daily in 2010 that there was \u201csubstantial evidence that Obama was not born in our country.\u201d Trump, who didn\u2019t publicly join the cause until 2011, tweeted on August 6, 2012 that \u201can \u2018extremely credible source\u2019 has called my office and told me that Barack Obama\u2019s birth certificate is a fraud.\u201d Moore\u2019s \u201csubstantial evidence\u201d and Trump\u2019s \u201cextremely credible source\u201d never, of course, materialized. Moore combined his birther claims with the Islamophobic lie that Obama was secretly a Muslim, while Trump cleverly used the lie in his Presidential campaigns of 2012 and 2016 to solidify the nationalist, racist, anti-Obama core of his base. The political effectiveness of the Birther Lie can be seen in the results of the NBC poll of September 2016. In the responses by registered Republicans only 28% agreed with the statement that \u201cBarack Obama was born in the United States.\u201d Another 41% disagreed, and 31% stated that they didn\u2019t know one way or the other. The Birther Lie appears to have sowed doubt about the President being born in the U.S., and thus the legitimacy of his Presidency, among nearly three-quarters of registered Republicans. Trump officially gave up the \u201cBirther Lie\u201d on Sept. 16, 2016, with Moore doing so 3 months later. When Trump gave up the lie, however, he replaced it with another one \u2013 naming his opponent Hillary Clinton as the originator of the whole birther idea, again of course without any evidence. And now, in late 2017, Trump has apparently decided to revive the lie, letting people around him know that he still believes it. The \u201cBirther Lie\u201d shows us that Trump and Moore are inveterate liars. So why should we believe them when they completely deny the credible testimonies of the more than 21 women who accuse one or the other of these men of sexual molesting them? Once again, these \u201cbirther buddies\u201d would like us to ignore credible evidence and believe more of their big fat lies. Guest author Tony Nugent is a symbologist, an expert in ancient symbols. He taught at Seattle University for fifteen years in the Department of Theology and Religious Studies and is an ordained Presbyterian minister.", "label": 1, "id": 100}
{"text": "The Dallas Cowboys will go back to their previous stance on the national anthem Sunday against the Los Angeles Rams, receiver Dez Bryant said. The team will stand with their hands over their heart for the anthem. There will be no pre-anthem kneel for unity as they did last Monday against the Arizona Cardinals. That show of solidarity was about joining the brethren across the league in responding to the expletive-filled attacks from President Donald Trump against the players who kneeled during the anthem in protest against racism and social injustice. \u201cWe\u2019re going to stand, we\u2019re going to stand and going to put our hand over our heart and we\u2019re going to do what we did before,\u201d Bryant said. \u201cYou all know what that was, that was just a response to Trump and that\u2019s all that that was.\u201d Today's top news by email The local news you need to start your day Recaptcha requires verification. protected by reCAPTCHA Privacy - Terms Privacy - Terms Owner Jerry Jones said earlier Friday on his radio show that Bryant \u201cwas absolutely torn\u201d about the decision and was getting a lot of pressure to kneel. The compromise of kneeling before the anthem and standing during it was one way of appeasing both sides, per Jones. Asked about the external pressures to protest and being torn on the issue, Byrant passed. Sports Highlights Up Next: Rapoport: There's newfound optimism in Rams' contract talks with Aaron Donald Your video will play in: 5 seconds Rapoport: There's newfound optimism in Rams' contract talks with Aaron Donald NFL Network insider Ian Rapoport reports that the Los Angeles Rams seem to be making progress on a new contract for Los Angeles Rams defensive end Aaron Donald. Play Video | 00:52 Your video will resume shortly. 00:52 Rapoport: There's newfound optimism in Rams' contract talks with Aaron Donald NFL Los Angeles Rams | 00:52 01:34 Patrick Peterson highlights | Preseason Week 3 NFL Arizona Cardinals | 01:34 02:50 How good will Dak and Zeke need to be for Cowboys to make playoffs? NFL Dallas Cowboys | 02:50 05:24 Texans vs. Rams highlights | Preseason Week 3 NFL Los Angeles Rams | 05:24 04:51 Cardinals vs. Cowboys highlights | Preseason Week 3 NFL Arizona Cardinals | 04:51 00:52 Can't-Miss Play: Muffed punt turns into wild scramble and Cardinals TD NFL Arizona Cardinals | 00:52 00:38 Can't-Miss Play: Patrick Peterson jumps in front of receiver for easy pick-six NFL Arizona Cardinals | 00:38 02:04 Sunday Ready: Dak Prescott NFL Dallas Cowboys | 02:04 02:06 What does Frederick's absence mean for Cowboys? NFL Dallas Cowboys | 02:06 01:19 How Elliott, Prescott are affected by o-line injuries DraftKings NFL | 01:19 Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded: 0% Progress: 0% Stream TypeLIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1 Chapters Chapters descriptions off, selected Descriptions subtitles off, selected Subtitles captions settings, opens captions settings dialog captions off, selected Captions Audio Track This is a modal window. No compatible source was found for this media. Advertisement X \u201cI\u2019m going to leave that all in the past,\u201d Bryant said. \u201cYou know, it is what it is. I\u2019m focused on this week. I\u2019m letting that . I don\u2019t even want to think about it. I\u2019m done with that.\u201d", "label": 0, "id": 570}
{"text": "New York Police Officer Miosotis Familia was brutally gunned down in cold blood by Alexander Bonds early Monday morning in an unprovoked attack. Officer Miosotis Familia was rushed to the hospital where she was pronounced dead. According to Infowars Bonds encouraged people to vote for Hillary Clinton. Would you look at that we have another cop killer, and the cop killer is a Hillary Clinton supporter. Wednesday\u2019s identified assassin of a New York Police Department (NYPD) officer was a Hillary Clinton supporter, according to the killer\u2019s Facebook page. So there you have it America this cop killer was another radicalized American done in by Obama's war a cops which Hillary Clinton supported as well. This once again shows the danger that Obama's and Hillary's rhetoric have given cops nationwide, as the last Presidency of Obama in the last two years of his administration made the environment for LEO's a very dangerous one as both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama stated over and over again that police officers target blacks. Go figure though we have a cop killer again who is not only a Hillary advocate but an all out Democrat.", "label": 1, "id": 338}
{"text": "In a bizarre turn of events, NBC News reports Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock wired $100,0 to the Philippines one week before Sunday\u2019s mass murder. Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock wired $100,0 to an account in his live-in girlfriend\u2019s home country of the Philippines in the week before he unleashed the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history, according to multiple senior law enforcement officials. But while officials have confirmed that Marilou Danley was in the Philippines on Sunday when Paddock opened fire on a crowd attending a country music festival on the Vegas Strip, it was not known whether the money was for her, her family, or another purpose. Danley, 62, who had traveled to Hong Kong on Sept. 25, could fill in some of the blanks when she returns to the U.S. on Wednesday, the officials said. Her arrival airport was not known. As Americans begin to pick up the pieces from Sunday\u2019s mass shooting in Las Vegas, new details are emerging in connection to Stephen Paddock\u2019s financial activities. A new report by ABC News says over 200 reports of suspicious activities were made to authorities. ABC News reports: As authorities pick apart the life of Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock, they have come across one major thread of suspicious behavior: how he handled his money. Paddock\u2019s recent financial transactions have become a key focus for investigators looking to learn more about the Nevada man and why he launched the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. [\u2026] In the last three years alone, more than 200 reports about Paddock\u2019s activities, particularly large transactions at casinos, have been filed with law enforcement authorities, ABC News was told. Sponsored Sponsored", "label": 1, "id": 137}
